This visit of President Thamer will be crucial to achieve this goal.
The Prime Minister said that the Paris Agreement on Climate Change is a shared heritage for the entire world and that this generation has made a promising contribution to future generations of humanity. 
He said that a large amount of money has been trapped in these cases and can be used for the welfare of the poor.
The Prime Minister said that this was the golden age of the last 4 years in terms of relations between the two countries.
Brothers and sisters, in this year's Budget, an important decision has been taken to ensure that farmers' crops are affordable.
We are proud to be the host of World Environment Day 2018.
He will also publish a book on the achievements of the State Government.
Youth athletes should inspire the youth of their schools and villages to play.
The Prime Minister congratulated the people of Indore for taking the initiative for the progress of the Swachh Bharat Mission.
When we think of Ganeshotva, it is natural to think of Lokmanya Tilak.
On the special occasion of the State's foundation days, my greetings to the people of Meghalaya.
He thanked the people who had the space around the temple for allowing the government to take over their seats for the project.
He said that there are currently 45 lakh savings groups in the country, with 5 crore women working in them.
The increase in maternity leave is a welcome provision.
I am happy that the younger generation is interested in learning about our history, about our freedom fighters, about the people who sacrificed for this country.
We have developed an ambitious framework for mutual partnership to make our comprehensive partnership more objective and effective.
We agreed to maintain the momentum of our relations in key sectors including energy and investment.
The Prime Minister said that besides the National War Memorial, a National Police Memorial has also been erected.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Thursday reviewed the progress of key infrastructure sectors including Pradhan Mantri Gram Sathya Yojana, Housing, Coal and Energy.
He urged members to raise awareness in society about their rights.
He has successfully covered all aspects of Hinduism in just 11 continents.
While FDI was falling globally, FDI in India was at its highest level in 2015-16.
I would like to congratulate all the athletes who have won medals for the country.
The Prime Minister mentioned the anger, grief, and pain that has been stirring in the country since the terrorist attack in Pulwama.
They are willing to sacrifice their lives, especially for the protection of trees, but they do not allow any tree to be damaged.
I look forward to meeting the political leaders and friends of Nepal.
The more skilled lawyers and judges in the mediation system, the more commercial benefits India will have.
The work of the important projects in the railway and road sector, including the Chardam Project, KaziGund-Banihal Tunnel, Chinab Railway Bridge, Jiribaam-Infal Project, was re
Recently, the Government of India has set uniform parameters for rolling stock and signal systems of Metro Railways.
You can also become a big, important partner in promoting tourism in the country, using the period from October to March.
He said that the Indian Ocean is being crippled by the rigidity of the Indian Army and our international partners.
The Prime Minister also discussed bilateral partnership and other issues of mutual interest with the delegation.
Today, I am proud to say that it is through collective efforts that the Swachh Bharat Mission has been successful.
In many parts of the country, our soldiers and farmers have stood up for injustice by showing their bravery.
Service is part of our culture.
The Prime Minister said that Indians should share their high traditions with the world with great pride and confidence.
And in a speedy mediation, the same decision is expected in six months.
He was affectionate and respected in all sections of society.
During the meeting, the Prime Minister welcomed President Mirzyayev and his delegation to Gujarat.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi today addressed the Y4D Nutan Bharat Summit in New Delhi.
India is making rapid progress in all the indices such as the Global Research Index, the Global Work Index, the Global Competitiveness Index.
He said the Quit India Movement, which started in 1942, was a decisive battle.
These reforms have brought our mediation process to international level.
He then addressed a large crowd at the ceremony dedicated to the nation of Kochi Metro.
Under this scheme, our fishermen brothers will get loans, grants, discounts.
He said that the Government and the State Governments are keen to promote the sport.
This has also created obstacles to interstate trade.
India has improved in the rankings after a long wait.
The Prime Minister congratulated the people of the country and expressed confidence that this high-speed rail project will yield rapid results with speed and progress.
India hosted the first South Asian Annual Disaster Management Exercise last November.
On 28 February 2001, he was appointed as a permanent judge of the Gauhati High Court.
His passing is painful.
India is one of the most attractive economies in the world for investors.
We have launched the Ujjwala programme to provide cooking gas to 5 crore women.
He said that work is being done to modernize the infrastructure of transport sector.
The Prime Minister also laid the foundation stone of the six-lane bridge over the Brahmaputra River.
The Prime Minister said that we show the importance of making change based on the concept of "I" to "we" when we strive for ourselves and think about society.
He said that this is creating positive change and a sense of responsibility.
A new terminal for commercial operations under the Udan Yojana has been built at the airport.
The two sides underlined the importance of cooperation in transport education, personnel training and scientific assistance in the implementation of the International Transport Corridor.
It is a pleasure to visit this great country again.
This amount has been set to be paid by sugar factories to farmers.
These are all our values.
In doing so, we have maintained our position among the fastest growing economies in the world.
He also shared how the Union Government is working for the benefit of farmers.
The Prime Minister said that the Government is also looking to ensure that adequate agricultural loans will be available.
As you may recall, India has also performed well in the Asian Games.
Drug regulators and quality control of medicines.
The demand for constitutional status of OBCs has been made for years.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has congratulated the people on World Health Day.
He urged all attendees to work towards achieving the goal of 100 per cent cleanliness by 2 October 2019 on the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi.
As close neighbors, our relationships have many levels.
As for 2017-18, 55% of the total expenditure of Rs. 64,000 crore has been spent on projects like water supply.
For the first time since independence, the triangle was blown at the Red Fort on the 75th anniversary of the founding of the Azad Hind Government.
Our goal is to provide every poor and homeless family with a home with toilet, water and electricity by 2022.
Under the Women Kisan Empowerment Yojana, 33 lakh women farmers will be trained in the country.
It will take a lot of effort to popularise this reading day on a large scale.
The struggle for independence was a popular protest, thanks to the visionary efforts of Mahatma Gandhi.
He expressed confidence that the Goods and Services Tax will bring economic integration to the country as Sardar Patel defined the political integration of the country.
It's always worked to create a sense of selflessness in our culture.
Congratulations to Betty Shivangi too.
Thousands of children took pictures.
I am delighted to be present at the inauguration of Kochi Metro.
In this regard, he met the Indian High Commissioner to Sri Lanka this morning.
My dear countrymen, the festival of Navratri is underway.
Significant progress has been made in rural areas under Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana.
In 2016, the actor served 2 billion meals in the presence of the then President of India Pranab Mukherjee.
We are using technology effectively to reach people.
Prime Minister Costa himself is a big fan of football.
The two leaders will also interact with the media.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has congratulated Mariyappan Thang Velu and bronze medalist Varun Singh Bhatti for winning gold at the Rio Paralympics 2016.
He said that we should consider how farmers will benefit from the innovation.
I wish all the wishes of the people of the country to be fulfilled through me.
Similarly, there is a lot of discussion about holding simultaneous Central and State elections in the country.
Almost every home in our country now has electricity.
According to the International Settlement Bank, the Indian economy in major economies will be less vulnerable to the banking crisis.
India-Mother lost their brave sons 10 days ago.
He said that this is a picture of empowerment of women in the country.
He praised the Ministry of AYUSH for the establishment of the All India Institute of Ayurveda.
The successful launch of the South Asia satellite has fulfilled that promise.
And in the last two years, 2014 and 2016, we have brought 90,000 Indians from 54 countries safely home.
Your Honourable Sir, I have fresh memories of your visits in August 2015 and last year in February.
We have set a target of 175 GWh of renewable energy capacity by 2022.
The aim is to create a minimum walking community and bring public transportation to passengers.
Also, under the new law, the court of appeal challenging the arbitration decision should issue a decision within one year.
In their presence, 240 beneficiary families will have access to e-housing.
He referred to the ideas of Dr. Ambedkar that political democracy should be transformed into social democracy.
I am particularly pleased to attend this meeting of the World Leaders and Veterans of Food Processing.
These brave heroes gave their lives for the protection of 125 crore Indians.
Both sides agreed that this trend is threatening peace, stability and progress in the Asian region.
It will create a bond between our two communities.
Addressing the enthusiastic crowd, the Prime Minister said that the enthusiasm that was there when the Champaran Satyagraha movement was launched 100 years ago is still visible today.
In the digital sector, 2,187 mobile towers have been installed in Maoist-dominated districts in 2016-17.
• This is the satellite for the whole of South Asia.
The Prime Minister undertook a detailed review of the flood situation in Assam, Nagaland, Arunachal Pradesh and Manipur during various meetings throughout the day.
The benefits of the Pradhan Mantri Shram Yogi Manadhana Yojana, the Health Cover provided under Ayushman Bharat, and the benefits of Pradhan Mantri Vijayanti Yojana and Pradhan Mantri
I know that the Sri Lankan government is taking a number of measures to improve your living standards, including a five-year National Action Plan.
Proposal to expand vaccination in all states.
The seven countries in the top 10 of the list of worst affected are the Asia Pacific.
59. Both sides reaffirmed their commitment to strengthen global nuclear proliferation.
He called for combat-level efforts on water conservation and water management.
The Security Insurance Scheme has provided this protection to millions of people who are in greatest need of insurance coverage.
This year, in the southern Nilgiri Mountains, our blue flowers are flowering like the ashoka of a triangular flag against the background of the Independence Day celebrations.
The security of the country is our priority.
He said that it is the responsibility of this community to do its best to achieve this.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi today addressed the University of Patna's Centennial.
He said India is the fastest growing economy today.
States can select as an aspiring district 20 per cent of the total talukes of the state based on the 115 ambitious districts selected by NITI Aayog.
Everyone is proud of her sport.
Manpower is the form of God.
He worked to unite people by raising national consciousness.
The Prime Minister also interacted with the beneficiaries of Din Dyal Antyodaya Yojana and National Rural Lifestyle Mission.
Speaking at the event, the Prime Minister said that we will never forget the historical legacy we have inherited.
The enthusiasm of this young doctor, who is selfless in his service to the sick, is truly undeniable.
He urged the non-resident Indian community to encourage at least five foreign families to visit India every year.
I congratulate Finance Minister Arun Jaitley for presenting a very good budget.
The list of 26 islands has been compiled for overall development.
The Prime Minister appreciated Secretary Carter's contribution to strengthening defence cooperation between India and the United States.
Whether it is the Himalayan region at thousands of feet or the desert with millions of sunlight, Yoga enriches life in every situation.
He spoke to the citizens at Coveratti and Kanjakulamari.
We recognize the need for urgent action to prevent the spread of terrorism, violent extremism and transformationism.
India has no shortage of excellent judges and lawyers.
We have adopted widely accepted standards and criteria for assessing the risks associated with disasters such as earthquakes.
This is a different door that the government has opened for you which is the path you will take today.
The need for roads, railways and waterways is great.
This is reflected in the Ujjwala Yojana for providing clean energy to the citizens of the country, Swachh Bharat Yojana for Health and Sanitation, Jan-Dhan Yojana for Financial Adjustment.
Oil ministers of developing countries know about the sensitivity of energy prices.
Speaking about the progress made in this direction, the Prime Minister said that over 11 crore Soil Health Cards have been distributed so far.
Prime Minister Modi stressed that the benefits of this scheme should be available to the very poor and the truly needy of society.
He urged athletes to stay in touch with the teachers who have guided, shaped and guided them since childhood.
He always emphasized education and social reform.
This is the region at the heart of our Government's 'Act East', 'Act East'.
The Prime Minister appreciated the progress in defence technology cooperation in both countries.
You're right.
Bilateral meetings with participating countries are also scheduled to take place during the BRICS Summit.
The issue of black money is being raised on the global stage.
In the last two and a half years, more than 1.25 lakh crore crores of black money has been released.
He said that Vietnam is an important pillar of India's Act East Plan.
The team has won gold and bronze medals at the World Para Athletics Grand Prix 2018 in Tunisia.
During a hockey match in Kolkata, the opponent hit a hockey stick on Dayanchandji's head.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has expressed his condolences to the people who died in the bus accident in Mandalay, Karnataka.
In the last three years, people from every part of the country and the world have been very enthusiastic about every International Yoga Day event.
On this Environment Day, we all want to think about what we can do to make our planet clean and green.
The benefits of this decision will be for small shopkeepers and small entrepreneurs.
He said that the youth of the country are taking the Swachh Bharat Mission to new heights.
The campaign will provide preventive, incentive and rehabilitation services.
More than 90 per cent of FDI approvals are being issued through automated channels.
The Prime Minister said that India's economic development programme including Goods and Services Tax is commendable.
In today's dynamic modern world, Yoga is bringing together body, mind, emotion and spirit to create peace.
We are considering various strategies for efficient waste management.
The love, faith and compassion expressed towards Atal Ji from all over the country showed his great personality.
The MoU will help to strengthen bilateral cooperation between the two countries.
As the global economy is going through a period of uncertainty, India has shown great resilience.
Our armed forces have always shown unique courage and bravery.
We will stand shoulder to shoulder with all the countries in the region in our efforts to build capacity to cope with disasters.
To enable young entrepreneurs to use their self-identity, the Labour Code 6 and Environmental Code 3 have been amended.
Both sides stressed the importance of enhancing cooperation in the aluminum sector.
Our Government is committed to development while preserving the environment and local culture.
People have also started to give Khadi items to each other as they visit.
On the 71st Independence Day, Prime Minister Narendra Modi addressed the nation today from the Red Fort wall.
He will also unveil a cornerstone for the foundation stone of the Railway Bogi Factory in Sonpat.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi today approved measures to promote the hydropower sector.
He then made a revised copy of these ideas in 1945 when the freedom struggle was gaining momentum.
The Government of India and the people of India are with you in your journey towards peace and prosperity.
To create and promote awareness about the use of generic medicines, the Union Government has decided to celebrate 7 March 2019 as Jansars Day across the country.
Congratulations and blessings to Hananiah.
Your actions will be crucial in building a New India.
He said that Yoga can help improve concentration.
These countries are very popular among entrepreneurs and are gaining popularity due to ease of doing business.
He reviewed the Smart City Campaign.
Solar photovoltaic power has become more economical than all other energy sources.
The Government will consider the matter and I think that the session will be very good.
He is the first Indian official to circumnavigate the globe in a small boat without any modern technology.
This year, we will also make efforts to organize a Run for Unity in our villages, cities, cities.
The Air Force also responded to the enemy in 1965.
Our past is always connected.
There is no way to create a New India except in Tamil Nadu.
Now, this is a big strength of our tourism.
In an informal conversation with the Prime Minister, he said that it is a dream of a prosperous and corruption-free India.
A family that has been constantly depressing its own child and is expecting that child to have a good reputation in the area, that is not possible.
Atal Ji has done a great job of bringing our beloved Tiruangas to the people.
Fifty cities in India are ready to implement metro rail projects.
I pray that the condition of those injured in this train accident is soon restored.
If we practice the breathing styles and yoga as a regular practice in yoga, we can not only benefit from good health but also protect ourselves from many diseases.
Attempts were also made to undermine the confidence of Indians in this.
The family of Mr. Gurbakhan Singh Ji has set a similar example before us.
During the discussion, Prime Minister Modi briefed on India's policies on climate change and sustainable environment.
Almost all villages along the banks of the Ganga have been cleared of drought.
Today, we are in the age of information technology.
Amul is a brand that is known all over the world and has been an inspiration.
We seek peace and prosperity for all.
The agreement was signed in May 2017 during the visit of the Palestinian Minister to India.
In particular, India has achieved this before any major economic reforms.
Friends, the stronger our emotional ties, the more prosperous our cultural and commercial heritage will be for the future.
Prime Minister will inaugurate the Homi Bhabha Cancer Hospital in Leharthara.
Through his articles and conferences, he helped in the research and promotion of Basu.
Both countries are contributing more than ever to creating a vast world of greater connectivity.
India and Japan are ancient cultures and living democracies.
There will be more serious challenges in the coming days.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Wednesday interacted with a group of about 80 Additional Secretaries and Co-Secretaries in the Union Government Service.
I think there are great opportunities for investors.
The Prime Minister said that ordinary people can connect themselves to the design of Aditi Shankaracharya's beauty wave.
He underlined that the project was finally approved in January 2015 and has now been completed.
The direct contacts between the people of both countries and the large Indian community in Canada have given a strong backing to these relations.
Yoga is useful in balancing the dividing environment.
He said that the union of Jan Parties and Jan Motion was brought about by Mahatma Gandhi.
The two sides aim to establish cooperative institutional relations to promote technical bilateral cooperation on new and renewable issues in mutual benefit.
Speaking about the goals of balanced development in rural and urban areas, the Prime Minister said that the Co-operation movement can play a vital role in achieving these goals.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi has given its provisional approval to the MoU on cooperation in urban planning and development between India and Singapore.
The Prime Minister expressed confidence that through scientific approach, technological innovation and research and development, graduate students will transform the agricultural sector into a profitable livelihood.
The Prime Minister said that today farmers buy at retail prices and sell at wholesale prices.
India's contribution to global fisheries is more than 6%.
They have given priority to every drop of water.
The Prime Minister will inaugurate 50 Health and Wellness Centres in Arunachal Pradesh.
The Prime Minister said, "Congratulations to Donald Trump for assuming office as President of the United States.
Dedicated freight corridors are being developed to reduce congestion of our rail network.
The two-hour review meeting was attended by senior officials from Ministries, NITI Aayog and the Prime Minister's Office related to the infrastructure sector.
The Prime Minister also emphasized the shared values between India and Japan.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has congratulated the people on National Voters Day.
MBBS entrance exam for AIIMS Asharam Jodhpur has been passed in first attempt.
Under the Vatan Ko Janno initiative, these children are currently visiting different parts of the country.
71 countries from all over the world including India participated.
A number of conferences and workshops have been organized on various topics.
The Prime Minister then flown the green flag for the Unity Race from Major Dayanchand National Stadium.
We will work towards a high level of quality of military-to-military cooperation.
We're all experiencing how something can go on very easily.
He also said that India's water will not be allowed to go into Pakistan.
He was so impressed by the work of Swami Vivekananda that he sacrificed his happy life and devoted his life to the service of the poor.
India and Russia expressed their resolve to cooperate in achieving these objectives.
It is considered the cult of wisdom.
Praising the Bohra community, Prime Minister Modi said that I am very fortunate to have the affection of the Bohra community.
I assure you that I will provide all possible assistance from the Government.
The Prime Minister highlighted Mahatma Gandhi's commitment to cleanliness.
Not only I but the whole of India and the whole of South Africa are eager to hear the views of the Presidents.
The Prime Minister said that 3 lakh institutions have come under scrutiny and the scrutiny has ended after demonetisation.
In his speech, Modi mentioned the recent reforms in India.
Today is August 9.
The successful testing of Agni V is a matter of pride for all Indians.
And that is why, brothers and sisters, we cannot forget these great people who are an integral part of our country's history.
The world recognizes Indonesia as the most popular, democratic, controversial and socially committed Muslim nation in the world.
Modi emphasized the privatization of the gas distribution sector through partners.
Your generation has also suffered a lot.
New laws have been made, old laws have been made stricter.
The Prime Minister will inaugurate the first new Bhabhatron.
We are proud of the victory of Kidambhi Srikanth in the Australian Open Super Series.
He urged students to promote ideas and ideas in order to find innovative solutions to the problems of the people.
Friends, Yoga has taken the world off the path of illness and has shown the path to wellness.
But someone has to make a decision for the country.
The Prime Minister will inaugurate the Hollaong Modular Gas Processing Project at Tri-Sukhia.
He emphasized on women empowerment and women's respect.
Jinping and I will discuss a wide range of issues of bilateral and global importance.
The river and water conservation are of particular importance in many of our festivals.
Both these places are visited by a large number of pilgrims every year.
The Prime Minister also met with representatives of the SILON Workers Congress and the Tamil Progressive Front.
So we are now in a position of global integration.
Your dynamic course and the test's credibility is the true identifier.
Addressing the enthusiastic and large crowd, the Prime Minister said, I am experiencing how the host and hospitality of visitors to Rajasthan is being done.
We are very proud of our youth.
Over 400 billion US dollars of foreign exchange reserves provide us with sufficient protection.
The last two and a half years of development.
I strongly condemn such violence and pray for peace.
I do not think that reading and learning should be limited to work.
He also released a postage stamp for Ramayana.
He urged the children to pay attention to the fact that their praise and fame should not be a barrier to their future progress.
Under this scheme, 10 crore families will be provided with health insurance of Rs. 5 lakh every year. The Prime Minister will launch the Pradhan Mantri Jan Aarogya Yojana in Ranchi; he will inaugurate the
The foundation stone of the institute was laid by the Prime Minister in April 2015.
All these great men had travelled extensively in India.
He said that Prime Minister Modi is a great and world class leader.
He also briefed on various development projects launched in his presence.
Low labour rate, large domestic market and micro-economic stability have made India an investment destination.
The name of Shastri is mentioned and the spirit of faith that is built up in the minds of the people of India is filled.
Our partnership will definitely solve the problems of ending terrorism, organized crime, narcotics and human trafficking.
The work started three years ago and the first phase has been completed.
India remembers our brave soldiers who fought in World War I.
He said that every year our armed forces conduct 10 major joint exercises with allied armed forces.
Regular practice of yoga affects the regular medical expenses of a family and reduces these expenses.
I am confident that the discussions that will be held on this forum will help citizens around the world to have access to clean, affordable and sustainable energy.
He stressed the need for our universities to shift from traditional teaching to innovative and innovative education.
Investors want growth and gross economic stability.
At 11 am on this day, we will observe two minutes of silence to pay tribute to the martyrs who gave their lives for the country.
On World Toilet Day, we reaffirm our commitment to improving sanitation-related facilities across our country.
The Prime Minister will focus on cleanliness and renewable energy related activities to justify Gandhi Jayeli and pay tribute to Mahatma Gandhi on 2nd October at Rajghat.
India and Cyprus have close economic ties.
In modern times, more than 130,000 Indian soldiers have sacrificed their lives in the various world wars that have taken place in the last century.
I have urged people to give books instead of giving each other flowers as a greeting gift.
I can see in front of me that a large number of children are also present.
The meeting also highlighted the recent investments made by India in the diamond industry in the Far East of Russia.
The Prime Minister also addressed the various questions raised by the delegation members.
The Prime Minister said in a tweet that the Union Government has promised all possible assistance to the Bihar Government to control the flood situation and is closely monitoring the situation.
The Prime Minister explained that the Government will expand the space in the educational institutions to ensure that students from other classes are not affected.
I urge the youth to take an active part in this initiative.
The Prime Minister will then travel to Odisha.
Sustainable water availability is essential for agriculture and for this purpose, Pradhan Mantri Agri Irrigation Yojana has been launched.
Arbitration proceedings can now be expedited as the Arbitration Act has been amended.
It will be a tribute to Mahatma Gandhi on his 150th birthday in 2019.
The Act will play an effective role in preventing cases of violence against women and girls.
This was a feat of peace by our soldiers.
You won't have to take the test of your whole life.
57 National Disaster Response Force teams are currently engaged in rescue work, with 1300 personnel and 435 boats continuously providing relief and rescue work.
The establishment of a Joint Action Group to combat terrorism by India and Morocco will provide assistance in cases related to terrorism.
He expressed his hope for a faster progress in electronic team collection.
Three out of 300 researchers from 42 countries represent India.
Recently, India's heroine and daughter of a landlord, Hima Das, has made a new history by winning a gold medal in the 400m at the Junior Under-20 World Athletics Championships in Finland
The Prime Minister said that the citizens of the country should be aware that some forces are trying to pressure the judiciary.
The Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO) has erected the monument in a very short time.
Prime Minister Modi and President Xi Jinping reviewed the development of India-China strategic relations from a long-term perspective.
We have a strong, investment-oriented strategic framework to boost domestic hydrocarbon production.
I will also address the Indian community in Indonesia.
India expressed its intention to increase imports of fertilisers from Russia.
He added that his visit to the Cellular Jail and the place where Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose had played the trio 75 years ago will always be remembered.
The initiative is aiming to build the skills needed to contribute to the economy of the 21st century in the newly entering manpower.
Ayushman Bharat Yojana will provide a number of opportunities for investment in health infrastructure, manufacturing of medical devices and healthcare.
In the same way, transparency and flexibility in the oil and gas market is needed.
This year, the harvest of rabbi has increased by 6 per cent compared to last year.
He said the Constitution is the spirit of our democratic structure.
The new year has brought new rays, new resolutions for success.
He also congratulated the people of Jammu and Kashmir for exempting the state from outdoor toilets by September 2018.
Spiritual institutions have acted as a centre for social reform in India.
However, I am very pleased to see that in just six months, India and Portugal are having their second talks.
This is the first time such an event has been held in South Asia.
It is natural for the people of India to be proud of this great tradition.
And to shape our partnerships and relationships in a way that will boost the progress of the Indian and Sri Lankan people and will also make an impact on your lives.
The funds will be used to repair, maintain and strengthen roads, highways, bridges and other damaged infrastructure.
The two sides underlined the importance of pluralism, democracy and the rule of law for peaceful coexistence.
Not only in the battlefields, but also in the defense industry, decisions are taken through strategy to set up factories.
The government's vigorous sanitation campaign has now provided toilets to 97 per cent of the population.
He expressed confidence that the pilgrims will see the fusion of tradition and modernity in the New India through this Semiconductor.
The country is moving in peace, goodwill and unity.
India has to improve in this to stay competitive.
It is the responsibility of all our countrymen to protect and maintain the historical heritage, monuments and cleanliness.
The Ayushman Bharat Yojana also includes the Pradhan Mantri National Health Security Mission.
Agreement on Consultation at Ministry of External Affairs of India and Russia for 2019-2023.
Bhim is the "India Interface for Money".
The meeting will review the various schemes implemented in the last year and prioritize future schemes.
He said that schemes like मुद्रा Yojana, Jan Dhan Yojana and Stand Up India are helping financial inclusion.
The transportation needs of the country will now be better met by railways.
The agreement was signed in April 2017.
The Portuguese have a great love for football.
New people were also trained to vote.
I am especially grateful to Prime Minister Abe for his encouragement and personal support.
So, a healthy mind is the most effective remedy for memory.
Today, we are all connected.
I will be a candidate in this election myself.
If the environment around us is unclean and not cleaned, we slowly have to accept the situation.
This is an international conference being held in California, USA.
He added that all present here today are witnesses to the happiness and joy of the presentation made by the beneficiaries.
The development projects launched today are beneficial for the co-operation sector.
There are many great opportunities like this waiting for you.
The Prime Minister will release the outline of the Green Rameshwaram Project.
The second edition of the Global Initiative on Conflict Avoidance and Environmental Consensus is being held today and tomorrow in Yangon.
64. The two sides reaffirmed that the participation of Prime Minister of India, Shri Narendra Modi, at the SCO Heads of State meeting held in Qingdao in June, 2018 demonstrates the successful participation of India in the
He added that the Statue of Unity has given India great inspiration for the future.
On Makar Sankranti, millions of people bathe in holy rivers.
If we cannot control this process through both planning and implementation, the economic and lives lost by disasters will be unprecedented.
Under his leadership, the challenges in the financial and banking sectors were met with support.
A painting museum has been set up in the same Revolution Temple.
- To inform citizens about hygiene, food safety and nutrition habits.
We are constantly trying to simplify the process for small businesses.
People donate to the needy during this holy month.
In such a situation, consumer protection is an important factor in enhancing and empowering trade in this sector.
The Prime Minister said that these states are progressing rapidly because of Vajpayee's vision of development.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has expressed his condolences over the passing of K. Karunanidhi.
Now it is Eid.
In 2016, a special leprosy diagnosis, special campaign was launched.
Happy World Environment Day to you.
First of all, I, and I, congratulate the newly elected Deputy Speaker, Mr. Harishas.
As a developing country, we all face the same challenges.
FDI flows from Japan have almost tripled in the last three years.
He said that the recommendations of these sub-groups have been accepted by various Ministries of the Union Government.
This kind of Parliament will inspire young people to reflect on this.
This game is played in almost every state.
With some of these reforms, our economy is on a fast track to growth.
Our soldiers also practiced yoga in Sichuan, where the temperature is 20, 25, 40 degrees.
Don't miss this opportunity.
He also said that social justice is an important administrative objective.
In this regard, I am presenting to you the Declaration of 10 Articles to improve our efforts towards disaster risk reduction.
The Government should ensure that every citizen of the country has affordable healthcare.
He expressed confidence that strong India-US partnership is essential for global peace and prosperity.
He said that we are committed to providing affordable healthcare to the poor and middle class.
He said that this has benefited millions of artisans and weavers.
I have always said that the 21st century is the century of Asia.
This morning, I announced a direct Air India flight between Colombo and Varanasi.
The MoU will facilitate the acceleration and mechanisation of scientific cooperation in education institutions and research and development between India and Canada.
The Prime Minister said that Gurudev Rabindranath Tagore believes that Indian students should be able to participate equally in development activities around the world while preserving their Indian identity.
His significant contribution to the struggle for freedom will be remembered in our hearts.
The Prime Minister interacted with college students from different parts of the country.
The MoU covers the following areas of cooperation:
In particular, his efforts for the upliftment of the poor will always be remembered.
The project of the Varanasi Convention Centre is a symbol of cultural cooperation between the city of Kyoto and Varanasi, Japan.
No new funds have been approved for this.
These people have led this movement with great spirit.
Prime Minister Dr. Abdul Moumen informed the Prime Minister about recent developments in bilateral relations.
The reservoir of Sardar Lake Dam, Satpura and Vindiya Mountains have a great view.
First of all, I congratulate NITI Aayog on leading this global conference.
If you look at his life, it reflects the whole of India.
It will also meet and discuss with the youth organizations and government officials working on youth policies.
The Prime Minister also mentioned the steps taken for Scheduled Castes and other backward classes.
It was also reported that the company Advance Pharma has set up a pharmaceutical manufacturing plant in Russia.
Welcoming the delegation, the Prime Minister said that peace and friendship are the greatest strength of democracy.
In that interview, Field Marshal Manikshaw was telling me about his time as a colonel.
The famous Tamil nationalist and poet Subramanian Bharati, known for his revolutionary poems Puddumarai Penna, New Women and Women Empowerment.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi has given its provisional approval to the MoU for the Peaceful Uses of Space between India and Afghanistan.
Earlier, the Ministry of Home Affairs had announced Rs 100 crore in aid to Kerala on 12 August 2018.
The Supreme Court also discussed the ban on Jalliktu.
School students also interacted with the Prime Minister about their research in the Atal Tinkering Lab.
Atal Ji's general leadership laid the foundation for a strong, prosperous and inclusive India in the 21st century.
You may have heard a lot about Kumbh Mela.
This is the second visit of the Prime Minister to the city.
He expressed confidence that Ayushman Bharat Yojana will create a healthy India.
This requires a lawyer who is knowledgeable in the process of arbitration.
Social work should be a matter of pride and pride for everyone.
If the law is working, if someone is trying to get away with it by giving it a political color, we have to work together against them.
I will be in Jakarta on 29th May at the invitation of President Joko Widodo of Indonesia.
During my visit to Singapore, I will focus on further strengthening the India-Singapore partnership in the fields of fintech, skills development, urban planning and artificial intelligence.
I am deeply saddened by his passing.
In just 100 days, 7 lakh poor people have benefited from this scheme.
Today, the whole country is celebrating the birth anniversary along with Independence Day.
During the dialogue, the Prime Minister underlined the scope of cooperation between the two countries on energy security and food security.
In the last three years, almost 150 lakh hectares of land have been benefited by such water supply and water management measures.
Modi also announced an immediate additional Rs 500 crore in aid under the SDRF.
We are also happy to share India's holistic health traditions like Yoga and Ayurveda.
Slowly, the work will move in that direction.
I recently had two visits that I will remember.
If works like the Encyclopedia of Hinduism are available in different languages, then there will be an increase in understanding and awareness of other traditions and cultures of the country.
In August 2016, strict regulations were introduced to curb anonymous transactions.
In a short time, the new year of 2017 will begin.
Biofuels can help to reduce the dependence on crude oil imports.
ITI will help empower the youth of the island with their skills.
We want to connect with this dynamic land in all aspects.
The recognised trade associations will be responsible for maintaining industrial harmony.
During this period, 11,641 additional settlements were connected by road.
As a result, Japanese industries have become more extensive partners with the Indian economy.
This figure is expected to double in the next 10 years.
Honey is a gift of nature to man.
Speaking earlier, Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said that the India-Japan Partnership is special, strategic and global.
The Prime Minister said that the Union Government will help the Hurricane-hit states through the package.
The Prime Minister walked over the bridge for a few minutes after the inauguration.
This was the ninth edition of the interaction of the Prime Minister with the beneficiaries of various Government schemes through video bridge.
This will help to increase bilateral trade and investment.
A few days ago, our beloved poet Neeraj Ji left us forever.
In a way, this is a time of significant developments in the country's progress.
Now India is fully prepared for a delicious revolution.
From Kanyakumari to Kashmir and from Kutch to Kamrup, from Amreli to Arunachal Pradesh, all exams are held in these three to four months.
The women said that these savings groups have made a positive change in their lives.
Atal Ji's passing has caused me personal and irreparable loss.
On this day, we reiterate our commitment to strengthen our democracy by unwaveringly participating in democratic processes at local, state and national levels.
Brothers and sisters, today the country is rich in food grains.
It will promote the promotion and dissemination of Indian Traditional Medicine in Colombia.
My young friends, you know very well that I keep telling you my 'Mann Ki Baat'.
The older members of the family should also try to play with the children as much as possible.
It was the Bhar Savarkar who wrote plainly that what happened in 1857 was not a rebellion but the first struggle for independence.
So far, 5 crore women from 45 lakh self-help groups have been given employment opportunities under this Mission.
I would like to thank Prime Minister, Mrs. Netanyahu and the delegation that accompanied them once again for their memorable stay in India.
Previously, 80 to 90 major traders from around the world were testing unbroken diamonds in Belgium, Africa and Israel.
The award-winning teachers shared inspiring stories of their efforts to make our school a centre of learning and excellence.
The Prime Minister appreciated the work of the security instruments in the country in ensuring the security of the country.
He said that Kashmir is now emerging as a health centre.
The Central Government has been closely monitoring the flood situation in Kerala.
This is the fifth time that the Prime Minister has interacted with the various beneficiaries of Government schemes through Video Bridges.
He appreciated the participation of cities in challenging work.
It contributes to our energy security.
The Prime Minister said it is important to reach the last segment of society through the benefits of government schemes.
This has liberated rural women from smoking.
It's the tool that unites us.
The Prime Minister pressed the key to launch a virtual dedication of the statue.
President Moon's decision to send First Lady Kim Jong-un as his Special Representative to the Diwali in Ayodhya in November last year touched our hearts.
The 100% recycling of urea has helped to increase production and reduce the cost of fertilizer.
For the first time, you have to leave your home to live outside, leave your village to move to another place, get out of a safe environment and become your own neighbor.
The Prime Minister said that tourism opportunities are immense in the North East.
January, February, March, April are all months of great testing for every family.
He will also inaugurate the air service between Jagdalpur and Raipur.
In this context, I would like to thank Prime Minister Abe and Japan for becoming a good partner.
He said that their efforts have led to respect for Indian passports everywhere.
The MoU was signed between 17 Indian Small Industries Corporation and the Russian SME Corporation.
The Prime Minister said, "Central Industrial Security Force on the occasion of the Foundation Day!
The obstacles in the previous arbitration decision process have now been removed.
Reading enlarges the human brain.
We lend to small businesses without any savings.
Referring to projects in the fields of power, roads and other infrastructure, Narendra Modi said that these projects have made significant progress and have improved the lives of the people of Varanasi and surrounding areas.
The Prime Minister announced that Rs. 2 lakh will be given to the legacy of every person who died due to floods and Rs. 50,000 will be given to the seriously injured from the PM Aids Fund.
These rich readers will help India to perform at its best on a global scale.
The Maratha navy was defending these forts.
The Prime Minister assured that the Union Government will take into account the demands of the delegation and said the development of Jammu and Kashmir is a top priority.
Today, our fishermen brothers take small boats to the sea.
The Prime Minister will then lay the foundation stone of the Amul Production Centre expansion project at Aandan and Khatraj.
Prime Minister Modi wished for the progress and prosperity of the friendly people of Malaysia.
Your children have benefited from this.
Speaking about the economy, the Prime Minister said that India is expected to become a $5 trillion economy soon.
He said that Adi Shankaracharya has united India through Vedas and Upanishads.
He also said that the FRP of Oats for the 2018-19 Sugar Season will be announced in the next two weeks.
16-year-old young actress Tababi Devi is from a village in Manipur.
The Centre was awarded Centre of Excellence status to the Department of Molecular Oncology in 2007.
Since last month, they have started distributing translations into regional languages immediately after completing My M. K. Bhat.
Moving with many cultures is one of the ways that India is different from other countries.
He also mentioned the changes in the lives of the common man through Jan Dhan Yojana, MUDRA Yojana, Ujjwala Yojana, Crop Insurance Yojana and Saubhagya Yojana.
But when I look at the impact of M. K. Bhatt, I am convinced that M. K. Bhatt is 100% linked to the people of the country.
Under this campaign, each family will get up to Rs 5 lakh in insurance coverage per year and medical facilities in hospitals.
That is why Swami Vivekananda said, "Extension is life and contraction is death".
These experiences will enrich our lives.
He encouraged the soldiers to make their routine duties easier and safer.
The Prime Minister will conduct five such dialogues, the fourth of which.
From ancient times, like the Upanishads, the sages have been honored for generations.
Describing today as a historic day, the Prime Minister dedicated the scheme to 42 crore unorganized sector workers in the country.
- A training institute will be set up along with the high-speed rail project.
First, I want to tell you about the recent achievements of our scientists.
It is the time of devotion to Mother Durga.
Interacting with the beneficiaries and shop owners of more than 5000 places, the Prime Minister said that the Government has taken two major steps to ensure that high quality medicines are available at affordable prices.
Even in our ancient science, personal hygiene is of great importance.
The two leaders stressed the importance of enhancing security and defence cooperation between the two countries as strategic partners and maritime neighbourhood.
Many young people leave their homes for the first time to take a different direction in their lives.
Besides, five teams of BSF, CISF and RAF are also deployed for relief and rescue operations.
These things have the power to change the mood of the whole country.
In the last few days, there have been reports of heavy rainfall in most parts of the country.
So there are over eight million doctors.
The complaints management system in 17 regions was also reviewed.
We are gathered here today to work on the belief that we as a human being can do much for this planet.
A regular tea salesman, you'd be surprised to learn, but he's spreading the light of education in the lives of over 70 children.
A peace campaign is not an easy task.
Our continuous efforts have improved India's ranking in Ease of Doing Business.
Security and Defence Cooperation has given a new dimension to our relations.
In 2001, Atal Ji changed the time for presenting the budget to eleven in the morning.
Both countries will benefit from this.
He praised the officials who have contributed to bringing about this change.
The growth of healthcare facilities will create a large number of jobs.
People, inspired by his sacrifice, helped him in his ministry.
This will not only improve our refining and processing efficiency but will also complete the projects in a timely and efficient manner.
Through their combined efforts, they have changed not only their own destiny but also that of our region.
When India was not independent, our traditions like Yoga and Ayurveda were understated.
I felt their enthusiasm and affection for India on that first visit.
Law and Justice Agreement on Civil and Commercial matters.
With the resolve of 125 crore countrymen, the manhood of 125 crore countrymen, the sacrifice and sacrifice of 125 crore countrymen, we know the power of collective action.
Bilal Dar is young in age, but he has become an inspiration to anyone who loves cleanliness.
The two leaders agreed to make a joint positive and substantial contribution towards sustainable solutions to global challenges such as climate change, sustainable development, food security and so on.
To observe this two-minute silence at 11 am on January 30 should become our natural state as a society, as a nation.
His gentle personality is always a source of pride for every citizen.
The movement for cleanliness of services shows how much the electronic media, print media can serve the country.
But the expected results of the law reforms can only be seen when an effective and efficient dispute resolution mechanism exists.
He noted that many announcements have been made in the Budget in a timely manner.
During the discussion, the Prime Minister also expressed his views on issues such as climate change and smart cities.
It is the responsibility of every political party to identify such leaders and remove them from the political journey.
Speaking about the integrity of the Bohra community in business, the Prime Minister encouraged honest businessmen and workers through GST, Bankruptcy and Bankruptcy Code.
We are going to host a Global Mobility Conference this year.
The Prime Minister also reviewed the progress of the implementation of Amrut Mission.
He said that while we should make Bhagirath efforts to achieve the ultimate goal as a nation, we should also work to eradicate the social stigma associated with this disease.
Not only that, we are the world's sixth largest producer of renewable energy.
The Prime Minister said that it is necessary to maintain the bond with our history as a society.
He recalled his work in the education sector and other social initiatives.
Dear countrymen, after Diwali, with new resolve, with new resolve, you will all come into everyday life.
The name of the selected bank will be on the ticket price card of Kochi Metro and the name of the bank will be on the app.
The institution also took part in the event.
The Government aims to supply 1 crore households with natural gas through pipeline in the next five years.
This will provide more than 10 crore poor and vulnerable families with insurance coverage of over 7000 dollars per year.
We should take advantage of our stay in the spiritual city of Rishikesh and the sacred atmosphere of Paramartha Niketan.
The two leaders also discussed the importance of enhancing connectivity.
The Prime Minister said that psychology and behavioral psychology should be a core part of the training.
A teacher asked what advice parents should give to children who are overly stressed and expect too much from their children.
He said that these initiatives have led India to jump 42 places in the Ease of Doing Business ranking in the last four years.
He said this was the first time since independence that such a plan was made for the crore workers in the unorganized sector.
Now we have taken some important decisions for our farmer brothers.
In this direction, the Prime Minister's participation will bring together the various stakeholders involved in the campaign.
As we implement the Sendai Framework, let us welcome new opportunities for regional and international cooperation.
Who doesn't know courage, courage?
The process of starting a new company can now be completed in one day.
The two sides appreciated the efforts to strengthen and institutionalize cooperation between 23 Indian States and Russian Provinces.
These mountain ranges of Uttarakhand inspire us to practice yoga and Ayurveda.
Under Ayushman Bharat Integrated Primary Healthcare, we will provide preventive measures and treatment to citizens close to their homes.
The proposed Bill will make the nomination of workers representatives in tripartite bodies more transparent by the Government.
He said that the people's problem solving capacity is in the Co-operation movement.
He said India is currently ranked third in the World Travel and Tourism Council 2018 Report.
After this event, he will travel to Anjar.
The students of Narur village Primary School welcomed the Prime Minister with enthusiasm.
I greet him on the occasion of Guru Ravidas' birthday.
The approval of trade associations at the Centre/State level will reduce the fraud of such processes by the different departments.
Her semifinal game is remembered by all.
India can only prosper if it is clean and healthy.
In the solar energy sector, we are the fifth largest producer of electricity in the entire world.
He expressed confidence that the youth of our country will never be led astray.
In the coming year 2019, we will celebrate the 500th year of Guru Nanak Devji.
We stand with Portugal in this sad moment with its full support.
He said that projects worth over Rs 12 lakh crore have been implemented so far.
The Prime Minister said that he was happy that he fulfilled his promise to give veterans a one-time pension.
Along with Kathmandu, I look forward to visiting Janakpur and Mukti Nath on this visit.
He said that new AIIMS, the All India Institute of Health Sciences, is being set up to facilitate access to healthcare for the poor.
He expressed confidence that everyone will work together to complete this project as soon as possible.
The Prime Minister addressed the people who lost their lives in the recent earthquake and tsunami in Sulawesi, Indonesia.
We are now in an independent India.
Cooperation for Human Resource Development and Health Facility
He said that cooperation between India and Israel will be strengthened in the fields of food, water, health and energy.
Who doesn 't like Harman Prit Kaur?
Today, India is one of the countries that sends the largest number of troops to the UN peacekeeping force.
He said that the reputation gained in the past is not enough but it is also important to prepare ourselves to face the challenges ahead.
He expressed hope that the feet of the medal-winning athletes will continue to stand on the ground and will not be neglected in the hall of fame and praise.
The role of Chartered Accountants will be of utmost importance in this historic occasion.
During this visit, along with the discussions with President Moon, I will meet entrepreneurs, dignitaries from various sectors and citizens of the Indian community.
He said the development of the eastern region of India is the highest priority of the Union Government.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has welcomed all the teams and athletes who have come for the FIFA U-17 World Cup.
We obviously need more Japanese investment.
He expressed hope that IIT Bhubaneswar will open the way to industrial development of Odisha and improve the quality of life of people through technology.
When Rajini expressed her desire to learn martial arts, her father gathered all the tools and encouraged her.
This has been made possible by the Union Government and the cooperation of all States and political parties.
India's 125 crore citizens will welcome the new year with new resolutions, new hopes, new enthusiasm and new dreams.
He said that efforts should be made to check quality at district level so that infrastructure can be designed accordingly.
The main focus of our bilateral relations is on improving water efficiency and use of water resources, water conservation and water purification, and increasing agricultural production.
Implementation of GST He also outlined the initiatives taken in the areas of distribution, insurance and banking sector through natural resource auctioning, as well as skills development.
Strongly condemn the terrorist attack in Kabul.
The society needs encouragement.
I congratulate the individuals and organizations who are working to build more toilets in different parts of India.
I had called for the brain-drain problem to be solved by brain-gen.
It is a war in which our soldiers fought for peace across the world even though India was not directly involved.
He said that a comprehensive approach to education is being taken under the Comprehensive Punishment Mission.
Finally, I congratulate the citizens of Kochi, the Kochi Metro Rail Corporation and the Chief Minister of Kerala for this important achievement.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that the mind is unwilling to believe that Atalji will no longer be with us.
There are things that make an indelible impression on my mind.
The goal is to provide internet connectivity to the last mile of BharatNet.
The Prime Minister said that Bangladesh Bhavan is a symbol of cultural bond between India and Bangladesh.
The Prime Minister has assured the State Government of providing all possible assistance to deal with this unprecedented severe flood situation in Kerala.
Yoga is the guideline that connects people to life and reconnects humanity to nature.
He heard the expectations of Delhi Tel Karnataka were very effective.
The message given by Lord Gautama Buddha 2.5 thousand years ago is still relevant today in the 21st century.
India will soon launch the South Asian satellite in the spirit of regional cooperation.
We have taken many decisive steps and have developed governance that will help India to realize its potential.
He will publish the latest research and start-up policies for Andaman and Nicobar Islands.
I felt that the more we depended on people's own leadership, the better the results were.
He added that Post Payments Bank of India is the next step in this sector.
He also expressed his views on the long-term historical and maritime relations between the two countries.
To this end, we are strengthening our overall administrative ecosystem.
The country is not short of talented athletes.
In this regard, he mentioned the issues of doubling farmers' incomes, development of ambitious districts, Ayushman Bharat, Indra Dhanush Mission, Pushana Mission and preparation for
The Prime Minister said that the leaders of both countries discussed the fight against terrorism and radicalism.
When the project is launched, the Customs Administration of both countries will remain committed to expanding it.
Such crops should be called nutritious and hardy in adverse climates.
The two leaders agreed on their approach to achieving global security and prosperity.
Kochi was selected as a Smart City in the first round of the Challenge process in January 2016.
I wish you all the best.
Think about it, if everyone in a state is going to give such good information, I would tell the government to look into the information and to create a propaganda material about the seven similar things that came from each state.
I was reading an old interview with the great Indian military officer Sam Maniksha.
On May 31, I will visit the India-Singapore Industry and Innovation Exhibition.
To describe the sentiments of the time, the Prime Minister shared the thoughts of the writer Ram Varkash Benipuri and the poet Sohanlal Dwivedi.
It will also host various programmes on issues of rural development, welfare of the poor and social justice across the country.
Under this, we offer students about 700 scholarships per year to study in Sri Lanka and India.
He was an inspiration to activists like me.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi today inaugurated the Super Speciality State-of-the-art Hospital Rasilaben Sewantyal Shah Vines Hospital in Surat.
Our common goal is to build a relationship that reflects the priorities of both countries and the strong bond between citizens.
India's development needs are enormous.
I am delighted that so many people from India and abroad have taken the time to attend this conference.
If the world is to develop as a whole, there must be a relationship of mutual cooperation between producers and consumers.
He popularized the Indian music tradition around the world.
I am confident that the discussions and decisions we have made today will give a new dimension to our partnership.
Under the Integrated Development Scheme of Horticulture and Fruit Farming, farmers will be assisted in rebuilding the oldly destroyed orchards.
He also inaugurated, laid the foundation stone and inaugurated various development projects in Raibareli.
Of course, India is also committed to achieving sustainable and green development.
But if we don't trust our own abilities and power, no one will accept it.
Dr. Abdullah expressed his appreciation for India's cooperation in capacity building and infrastructure in Afghanistan.
To address this, we are enacting the Goods and Services Tax Act to create an integrated national market.
The Government is also working to ensure that by 2022 everyone in the country has their own home.
The decision to reduce the current rate of income tax from 10 to 5 per cent is bold.
Jan Dhan Yojana has enabled millions of people to be integrated into the banking system.
Speaking at the meeting, the Prime Minister expressed the view that development is the only answer to any form of violence.
A number of events are being organised across the country to mark the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi.
The Prime Minister expressed the hope that those who truly respect women will understand the pride behind Swami Vivekananda's speech.
Prime Minister Abe and I never miss the opportunity to meet.
So we've made changes to the law, which will have far-reaching consequences.
Today initiatives like MUDRA Yojana, Start Up India, Stand Up India are creating young researchers and entrepreneurs in the country.
The 10 per cent reservation for economically vulnerable open class is a step in the right direction.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said it was remarkable that the junior and senior officials are spending a lot of time interacting.
The two sides expressed their appreciation for the long-standing cooperation between Indian and Russian scientists in Antarctica.
The Prime Minister assured them of full and constructive cooperation from India in carrying out the new responsibilities.
Not just pictures of buildings, not just pictures of natural beauty, but also some special things about the life of people there.
Under the Saubhagya Yojana, the Prime Minister will announce the electrification of 100 per cent of households in Arunachal Pradesh.
Cooperation in other health sectors, by mutual consent.
Now this sub-continent considers itself the center of global economic affairs.
This has also saved crores of rupees to the poor and middle class.
According to UNCTAD Global Investment Report, India is one of the top FDI destinations in the world.
He said the mechanism is working to make India's glorious history and bright future visible through this Kumbh Mela.
They have lost their lives in serving the country.
The R&D project aims to suggest solutions for rapid social change through the use of science and technology.
The decision will benefit most taxpayers in the country.
I am happy to know that the people of Tripura are celebrating the birth anniversary of Maharaja Bir Bikram Kishore Debarama Manikya Bahadur with great enthusiasm.
Mr. Espinosa outlined his priorities for the upcoming session of the UN General Assembly.
Of these, 101 satellites were from the United States, Israel, Switzerland, the Netherlands, Kazakhstan and the United Arab Emirates.
36 industries have been exempted from the requirement of environmental compliance certification.
Condolences to the families of those killed in the attack.
The campaign, conceived by the Prime Minister, is being directed to send a message to our brave soldiers through a special video on social media.
I experienced his wonderful hospitality during the BRICS Summit in South Africa last year.
The Government of India has in the last few days, in collaboration with five state governments, made a successful effort to bring people together for clean Ganga, clean Ganga.
The Prime Minister said that he appreciates the contribution of young Indian Sardar Patel and his contribution to nation building.
Appreciating the various social initiatives of the Dawdi Bohra community, the Prime Minister said that various efforts are being made to improve the quality of life of the poor and needy citizens.
The Prime Minister expressed satisfaction that the Anganwadi workers from all over the country had gathered to meet him today.
I am happy to announce that the State Government has declared 19th June as Reading Day.
The Prime Minister expressed his happiness over the progress made in the past few years.
Indian women have also played an important, pioneering role in peacebuilding.
Indian youth have established themselves in this field by taking the future and thinking outside the box.
Our dear leader, former Prime Minister of the country, Atal Bihari Vajpayee, had made it clear that human rights are not a foreign concept to us.
The amount of money deposited by Indians in Swiss banks has reached an all-time low.
The Prime Minister's Agri Irrigation Yojana has a dream of water supply to every farm.
As part of this, the Government has started training about 1 lakh workers.
The earth is our mother and we are her sons.
This has reduced cooking time and has given women a great opportunity to earn extra income.
Last year, about 3.5 crore people benefited from this scheme.
My dear countrymen, as always, I have received a large number of letters, emails, phone calls and comments from all of you.
In fact, it has become the third largest source of FDI in the last three years.
Russia expressed interest in participating in the international tender process when the Indian Ministry of Railways takes a decision on the project of speed up the railways.
He said that he will also be in touch with the BRICS Trade Council, which represents the industry of the five BRICS member countries.
In this rainy session of Parliament, all the members have come together to set an ideal standard.
India is emerging as a hub for startups and innovation.
But we are waiting for rain.
Kerala was also the state with 100% primary education.
I sincerely pay tribute to those who lost their lives in the recent earthquake in Ashe.
These peace efforts were made by a few countries, including Korea, Cambodia, Laos, Vietnam, Congo, Cyprus, Liberia, Lebanon, Sudan.
Action against corruption.
I would like to congratulate him on the initiative taken by the F.S.S.A.I. in this regard.
The French Defence Ministers informed Prime Minister Narendra Modi of the current status of bilateral defence cooperation.
The Prime Minister said that both countries have benefited unprecedentedly from the financial investment.
The poison of racism, the poison of communalism, can never do the country good.
Speaking at the meeting, the Prime Minister said that innovation will play a vital role in bringing people from both India and Israel closer together.
He said that prior to the event, he visited the Wall of Lost Souls, Tsunami Memorial.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has greeted Air Force Veterans and their families on Air Force Day.
He said that this builds a sense of confidence among the common people who are the key to the New India.
On January 26, our Republic Day, we celebrated with joy and enthusiasm in every corner of the country.
The Prime Minister will lay the foundation stone for the waterways for rural areas of Bundelkhand, in the spirit of the Union Government's vision to provide clean drinking water to all.
The farmers who produce wheat will be happy to hear that the production of ethanol in our country has tripled.
It is natural for our country to have respect for the army, security forces.
Everyone is being connected to this Fit India campaign today.
Sister Nivedita, who was not concerned about her health, began to clean the streets.
At the same time, residential and commercial establishments will be developed in the region to help the development of the region.
The growth of aviation sector will increase demand for aviation fuel by fourfold by 2040.
In the sequence number 9 to include Monpa, Memba, Sartang, Sajolong (MG) instead of Momba.
Therefore, Make-in-India, the first step to meet the demand for India and the world, is becoming more efficient and stronger.
When hockey is discussed in the world, the story of hockey will be incomplete without these great players of India.
Congratulations to Tejaswini Sawant for winning the gold medal in the women's 50m rifle event.
Germany is the seventh largest investor in India.
- Research and training of food industry operators.
Sath is a festival of sun worship in rivers, lakes.
The Prime Minister will also inaugurate the Wall of Unity.
Who knows, maybe this speech will help you to relieve your stress.
The Prime Minister said that today is a special day to inaugurate one Hydro Power Plant and lay the foundation stone of another on the same day.
However, in the House, often the punches are more punched than the players.
In this regard, in particular, the following issues were discussed: Monitoring of progress on nutrition in less-performing districts.
We have dissolved the FDI Promotion Board.
I once again greet Shri Guru Gobind Singh.
I would like to ask you to join us and especially to show these things to the children.
Ajay Bajage and his daughter Dia have become the first Indian father-laughter couple to climb Everest.
The Prime Minister said that the sense of'sweeping is our responsibility' should be rooted in all of us.
The Union Government will immediately send Rs 325 crore of financial assistance to meet the needs of Kerala, Tamil Nadu and Lakshadweep.
November 26 is our Constitution Day.
Addressing the audience, the Prime Minister said that such Aswanti Meets play a major role in facilitating the creation of New India.
The holy month of Ramadan was celebrated with great devotion.
We have over 300 million middle class customers.
The Nordic countries have been mentioned in clean technology, maritime measures, port modernization, food processing, health, life sciences and agriculture.
We do not want to spend 10 years just discussing and exchanging ideas without making any concrete decisions.
This is the fourth annual meeting between PM Modi and PM Ambe.
I think that eliminating fake companies and launching a campaign against black money is politically wrong and harmful to political parties.
They have unique abilities and vision.
Honourable Speaker, congratulations and best wishes from the Rajya Sabha and the people of India.
Answering the question of the team working to make rural digital entrepreneurs, the Prime Minister said that it is important to make India an equal opportunity for all.
The ChamplyMode Foundation and Prasad Institute of Hyderabad have a close relationship.
Foreign investment in this sector is invited.
The Prime Minister said that India has no shortage of capabilities, strength and resources.
Through Umang App, over 100 public services have been made available to citizens through their mobile phones.
These are signs of a new direction of economic reforms that India is pursuing.
It is clear that international bilateral cooperation has not only reached national capitals but also the capitals of the states.
First of all, I would like to congratulate you all on hosting the International Conference on critical topics such as Consumer Protection.
As an experienced parliamentary worker, he enriched the parliamentary work.
He also said that the authorities should set targets to improve tax management in the country by 2022 which is the 75th anniversary of Independence.
These are the powers, the democracy, the division of population and the demand.
It is a beautiful feature of India that spirituality and science are mutually supportive in our culture.
The Prime Minister appreciated the close bilateral cooperation in the areas of investment, civic development, skills development, air transport.
Sores was an architect who established political relations between Portugal and India.
He visited museums and exhibitions as well as the viewer's gallery.
In Gujarat, Ahmedabad, about 55,000 people have set a new world record for simultaneous yoga.
I pray that you will recover quickly.
He urged that we should change the attitude of being able to move forward, to move forward, to move forward, to move forward, to change.
He said the Government is focusing on increasing productivity through high-speed connectivity.
It is a pleasure to see Bhupendra being honoured with the Bharat Ratna, the highest civilian award.
The theme of IEF-16 is "The Future of Global Energy Security".
At that time, the national flags of several countries were hoisted at the same time.
The country that has these qualities will not only make progress in the fields of economy, science and technology but also in sports.
In this sad moment, my feelings are with the people of Tamil Nadu.
When I read Savarkar's book My Birthday, it inspired me to look at cellular prison.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi today met the members of Club Da Chef Da Chef, the Club of Chef of Presidents from around the world.
I would like to know your thoughts on the current development of the education system and its future.
I have discussed the flood situation with senior officials from Delhi and other states including Chief Minister of Arunachal Pradesh, Pema Khandu.
The Prime Minister thanked the Government of Madhya Pradesh and the people for taking the Narmada Saviya Yatra.
Secretary Carter briefed the Prime Minister on the implementation of the decisions taken in June this year.
Everyone says that, but don't we have any responsibility?
In the last two financial years, we have received 55 billion USD of FDI.
I am honoured to welcome such a friend and supporters of India.
My dear countrymen, when the airwaves broadcast M. K. Bhatt, they also bring new colours to the airwaves.
He welcomed the various important decisions taken by the Union Government in the last three years, highlighting the issues of demonetisation, anti-black money campaign and corruption control.
Therefore, I have received many letters related to agriculture.
Our athletes have made a name for themselves in various fields.
For those who wish to explore further, I would like to assure that we are committed to enhance our policies and processes that will accelerate Make India.
The popularity of these festivals has grown over time and it is evident that the young generation today is also attracted to these heroes of our ancient traditions and history.
The Prime Minister said that various Government schemes like Swachh Bharat have boosted tourism in the country.
I was informed that Rs 1.20 crore has been given to Panikkar Foundation in the last two years.
Apart from the sugar sector, we should also consider globally competitive bamboo products, he said.
This is why Yoga is being accepted at an increasing pace worldwide.
His father takes out the trash and cares for his family.
Stability and transparency in regulation clarify the way of doing business in India.
Our brave sons were working day and night to ensure that the people of the country could sleep peacefully.
Even a common person has a very different feeling when he visits this place.
We get a lesson from the saints, from the sages, from the monks, from the sages.
Many African Ministers are present with us today.
He said India will make a significant contribution to this.
He felt that youth power had a vital role in nation building.
The process of obtaining permits through various mechanisms has been simplified.
He then presented the Hamsafar train cart and the 900th coach with a green flag.
My dear countrymen, today as we are discussing about Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose and this is the 'Mann Ki Baat', I want to tell you a story related to Netaji's life.
This holy month of Ramadan will certainly help to advance this path of peace, unity and harmony.
We have also come together to promote our joint efforts at the international level.
The discussion on the benefits of this will be positive for the students.
Beneficiaries expressed relief from the reduced cost of stent and knee transplants.
During this Town Hall event, I had the opportunity to interact with millions of students, their parents and many teachers from across the country and abroad through technology.
The rainfall in many parts of the country has caused a very pleasant atmosphere.
This traditional calendar shows us how old our relationship with natural and astronomical phenomena is.
I am saddened by the loss of life caused by the earthquake.
I am grateful to Akbar Saheb.
The Juvenile Day was marked by the discussion of concepts such as trade, investment, connectivity, youth and cultural exchange.
He also said that over 65 Ayush hospitals have been developed in the last three years.
"Sobka saath, सबका विकास" is our mantra.
Regional multi-stakeholderism through institutions like AIIB can play a central role in helping to increase resources.
In such a positive atmosphere, against the backdrop of a series of positive events, we are celebrating our Independence Day today.
The National War Memorial consists of the central pillar, Akshay Jyot and 6 bronze statues depicting famous battles fought by the Indian Army, Air Force and Navy.
Under this programme, about 1 crore new connections have been delivered in just seven months.
Similar improvements have been made to provide immediate forecast of hurricanes.
I am pleased that India and Brazil have finalized the draft bilateral investment agreement.
He said that Gurudev Rabindranath Tagore's teachings are equally important to Bangladesh and India.
The Prime Minister is in constant contact with the Chief Minister of Kerala to review the situation in the flood-affected areas as well as relief and rehabilitation work.
We salute the will and determination of all individuals and organizations who are working to protect the environment.
In contrast, if a person cleans his surroundings, he gets new energy and he never succumbs to the dirty environment afterwards.
Happy Army Day to all the soldiers and their families.
It is unusual for both Swati and Nidhi's husbands to have been martyred in the service of Mother India.
The ChamplyMode Foundation in Lisbon was visited jointly by Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Prime Minister of Portugal, Antonio Costa.
The Prime Minister congratulated the celebration of Dhanvantari Jayanti as Ayurved Day.
The Prime Minister said that we salute the courage of those who died in the brutal attack on our Parliament on this day in 2001.
He said that the recipients have adopted this principle and their lives are a source of inspiration.
Diversity is celebrating, not contradicting.
Kochi Metro Rail Limited is a joint venture of the Government of India and the Government of Kerala.
The Prime Minister said that the Constitution is our guide.
Space technology will be useful in the lives of the people of our region.
The aspirations of the nation at this time, the desire to do something, is natural.
India has always been an inspiration to others in terms of intellectual capacity and courage.
This sacrifice of purity, which is driven by the courage and determination of 125 crore countrymen, will play an important role in determining the direction of the country for many years to come.
We need to be more aware of the risks posed to humanity by plastic.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi paid tribute to Lord Birsa Munda on his birthday.
The Prime Minister said that premium has been reduced through the Prime Minister's Harvest Insurance Scheme, the insurance ceiling has been removed and the amount of claims to farmers has been increased.
This is his third Super Series Premier Award after the Indonesia Open and the Australian Open.
He said that this target has been recently achieved in about 17,000 villages.
This special campaign was launched with the youth in mind.
He said that a new culture should be developed by incorporating technology for the benefit of farmers in the agricultural sector.
Everyone should dream about the next Olympics.
Lokmanya Tilak is a sea of courage and confidence.
We also decided to send 100 youths each year to each other's country for science-related educational activities.
As part of this network, various universities can focus on multidisciplinary research on disaster issues most relevant to them.
India has won its independence by having such a great warrior as him.
Your love is a blessing.
The UAE can benefit from our cooperation in the manufacturing and services sector.
During the interaction, the Prime Minister called on the award-winning teachers to foster interaction among the communities and make them an integral part of school development.
His visionary policies in various fields have given a new shape to the life of every Indian.
The government has also directed the banks to raise the minimum threshold for small businesses from 20 to 25 per cent.
The Prime Minister said that the work of connecting the entire North East with the country is going on at a fast pace, both in terms of infrastructure and emotion.
Sister Nivedita and scientist Jagdishchandra Basu are a great example.
Amrits also includes 33 cities in Tamil Nadu.
If we compare the impacts of the hurricanes between 1999 and 2013, we can see the progress made in this direction.
- Training and exchange of medical doctors, officials, other health professionals and experts.
The Prime Minister said that positive news is of particular importance for building a prosperous and developing country.
Today, a Japanese colony has been declared.
He expressed his joy that this Bhajan, which is dear to the Bapuji, was performed by artists from 150 countries around the world.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi will inaugurate the new Magenta line of Delhi Metro on 25th December.
The Japanese government and the people of Japan have shown great love for me and my country.
We have taken a major step towards making universities of world class in the field of education.
What torture must have been suffered by the freedom-crazy.
This requires expanding the scope of law colleges in India.
26 Russia has invited India to invest in the Far East region of Russia.
You may well remember that for the past few months, six female officers in the Navy were on a cruise.
A portal for coordination and monitoring of development work at district level will also be launched.
My dear countrymen, greetings to all of you.
Under this policy, cities are expected to be more tourism oriented by reducing their reliance on transport.
There will be countless events.
He said that solar energy is becoming popular in India.
He expressed hope that people should strive to learn about the history and archaeological traditions of their cities, villages and regions.
My first two events will be at Sabarmati Ashram.
He reiterated India's values of nature conservation and conservation in response to the question of climate change.
We will be happy to hear that this award for best policy is equivalent to an Oscar in that field.
I have been saying that this is the 21st century of Asia.
Addressing the audience, the Prime Minister said that this summit is a new beginning in the public sector.
You are the leaders of a great nation.
Similarly, when we as a nation are growing stronger, we treat everyone peacefully.
Under Ayushman Bharat Yojana, about 10 crore families, about 50 crore citizens will receive Rs 5 lakh in a year from the Government of India and the insurance companies.
He said that these awards show the priorities of the Government.
I look forward to many such spectacular successes.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has taken steps to ensure the safety of people caught in adverse weather due to Hurricane Varda.
Good luck with today's game.
His father is a labourer, and his mother is a fishmonger.
Children should be taught to ride the elevator instead of the elevator.
This is my first visit to Indonesia as Prime Minister.
I wish all the team of the Environmental Protection Organisation and Chandrapur people my best.
The electricity for this monument will be used from solar energy.
He also interacted with the people who have made a commitment to water-free village.
He said the campaign launched by the Union Government against black money was a bold step.
After reading the whole story, I realized that it was the news of how our youth today use technology smartly and creatively and try to transform the lives of ordinary people.
The company name has also been removed from the Company Register after the remaining debts of TSPL were settled.
India has also given hockey many great players.
I am confident that the business partnership that we have established will strengthen and accelerate our business engagement.
The delegation supported the Prime Minister's resolve to make India a 5 trillion dollar economy in the future.
It is in the interest of producers to grow other economies at a fast pace.
The Prime Minister invited Kazakhstan to become a member of the International Solar Alliance.
When building these facilities, we should ensure that they are built according to the best standards set at the global level for disaster protection.
Grandparents, parents, sons and daughters - all three generations should do yoga together and upload photos of it.
Now is the time for discussion and discussion, to find new ways to do it.
Public sector enterprises have contributed significantly to nation-building and the country's economy since the post-independence period.
Communication is essential for development in this time.
We are also partners in the efforts to develop skills in South Africa.
The two challenges posed by terrorism and climate change are threatening the world today.
As the Essel Group is continuing to cultivate Indian traditions and uphold family values, it is also looking at how to continue to increase the capacity of the new generation.
Plastic pollution has become a part of our food chain.
The Prime Minister said that the objective is to double the incomes of farmers and make their lives easier.
President Ghani expressed condolences to the families of the martyrs.
I would like to see the reading and library movement in this way across the country.
The Prime Minister said that the Union Government is strictly enforcing the Forest Rights Act in the interests of the tribal people.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister expressed confidence that the Centre will play a key role in bringing Dr. Ambedkar's teachings and vision of the country to the youth of today.
Now people are also positive about accepting digital transactions.
He said that the Goods and Services Tax is an example of a cooperative federal structure.
If we are aware, we can save our children from going back to that path of violence and oppression.
Without agents, many things are cheap.
There are about one to a half lakh knee transplants every year in the country.
His Excellency, Prime Minister Mark Rutte,
His contribution is very valuable for both India and UAE.
The relations and exchanges between our citizens are the strong foundation of our friendship.
The nation will never forget the sacrifices of freedom fighters.
We have removed the obstacles and significantly improved the average rate of implementation in these sectors.
He said that the Government provides training, financial assistance and opportunities to increase movement of savings groups.
Creating a conducive business environment and attracting investment is my top priority.
The whole nation is welcoming the unwavering courage of the martyr Prasanna Sahu, wife of Jagat Singhpur, Odisha.
The market also determines the price of gas.
This gave more and more Indians the opportunity to wave their national flag.
The world is committed to climate change action based on COP21.
Breaking up a small wandering community in remote areas on the Nilgiri Plateau in South India, their traditional habitations are made of locally available materials.
India's biggest tax reform, GST, was recently implemented.
We believe that the people are our key partners for responsive, inclusive and inclusive action.
We know how to bring the fruits of growth and prosperity to the common man.
Just two days ago, I wrote a letter to governments, to all leaders around the world.
My personal meetings with Japanese leaders, government, industry and Japanese citizens are now more than a decade old.
It was very sad to see the plight of the people affected by the quake.
The Prime Minister said that we should be proud of India's rich history and archaeological traditions.
May the blessings of this mighty Himalayas be upon you forever.
The Prime Minister also stressed the importance of farmer producer organisations.
Let us hold hands more firmly and closely.
Today, I will also have the opportunity to meet the people of Indian origin living in the Netherlands.
The Prime Minister said that defence cooperation is a key pillar of cooperation between India and Japan.
We have excellent cooperation and coordination in many forums like BRICS, G-20, Indian Ocean Rim Association, IBSA.
He expressed his happiness that the State is now holding Investor Summits.
The equation of Made in India and Made by Japan is actually working better.
Over the last 20 years, more than 850,000 people have been killed in disasters in the Asia-Pacific region.
Stressing the importance of nature conservation, the Prime Minister said that it is a crime to harm the interests of future generations due to environmental degradation.
This is her true power, and people's aspirations are being fulfilled at a very fast pace.
The main activities of the Union are to develop a framework for communication with mutual interest, exchange of good provisions, launching new initiatives for capacity building and joint campaigns.
India and Russia respect the establishment of a multipolar global order in international relations as a reflection of the natural and inevitable process of interstate relations in the 21st century.
Our government has a policy of action without being confined to rules and laws.
He also said that we have visited North East India 25 times in the next four years.
We are trying to move the country forward through this new tradition of people participation for our country.
He said that it is the work culture of our Government to make progress towards sustainable development by finding a lasting answer to every question.
Today, India is the fastest growing major economy in the world.
I would like to express my special thanks to the Governments, Governments and people of these five States for completing this task.
We must support the initiatives and leadership that are being taken in this way through policies and practices.
My dear countrymen, on November 4th, we will all celebrate Guru Nanak's birth anniversary.
He said that the Union Government is taking action not for political gain but for national interest.
As a friend and democratic country, India and the Republic of Korea share common values and have common views on regional and global peace.
The Prime Minister also addressed a special prayer to the statue of Unity.
It has become the world's main development engine.
The two leaders underlined the importance of reforming multilateral economic and political institutions to respond to the needs of developing countries.
Girls here today, together with their own and their family's clothes, are sewing simple clothes and wedding dresses.
Let us all pledge to free India from poverty, pollution, corruption, terrorism, racism, racism and to create the New India of our dreams by 2022.
Dear countrymen, February 1, 2017 marks the 40th anniversary of the Indian Coast Guard.
In this regard, the Government of India issued a National Travel-oriented Development Policy in April 2017.
This rainy session of Parliament will always be remembered as a session of social justice and youth welfare.
The Prime Minister said that the Union Government is putting great emphasis on waterways development.
Mahatma Gandhi's ideas inspired the whole world.
Plastic with a microfabricated component is also used for salt, bottled water and tap water.
Many Union Ministers and other dignitaries were present at the event.
