President Temer's visit will be significant in achieving this goal.
The Prime Minister said that the Paris Agreement on climate is a shared heritage for the entire world, and it is a promising contribution of this generation to the coming generations of mankind.
He said that a large amount of money is stuck in these cases and it can be used for the welfare of the poor.
The Prime Minister said that this was the golden period of the last 4 years in terms of relations between the two countries.
Brothers and sisters, In this year's budget, an important decision has been taken so that farmers get a fair price for their farm produce.
We are proud to host the celebration of World Environment Day, 2018.
He will release a booklet on the achievements of the state government.
Young players should inspire the younger generation in our schools and villages to play.
The Prime Minister congratulated the people of Indore for taking the lead in the progress of the Swachh Bharat Mission.
When we think of Ganeshotsav, it is natural to remember Lokmanya Tilak.
"On the special occasion of Statehood Day, my greetings to the people of Meghalaya.
He thanked the people of the area around the temple for allowing the government to acquire their land for the project.
He said that at present, there are 45 lakh SHGs in the country in which 5 crore women are working.
An increase in maternity leave is a welcome provision.
I am happy that the younger generation is interested to know about our history, about our freedom fighters, about the people who sacrificed for this country.
We have embarked on an ambitious roadmap of engagement to make our comprehensive partnership purposeful and actionable.
We agreed to maintain the momentum of our relations in key areas, including energy and investment.
The Prime Minister said that apart from the National War Memorial, a National Police Memorial has also been constructed.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Thursday reviewed the progress of key infrastructure sectors, including the Pradhan Mantri Gram Sadak Yojana, housing, coal and power.
He urged the members to create awareness in the society about their rights.
He has effectively covered all aspects of Hindutva in only 11 volumes.
Foreign direct investment in India was at its peak in 2015-2016, when foreign direct investment was declining globally.
I would like to congratulate all the athletes who have won medals for the country.
The Prime Minister mentioned the anguish, sorrow and pain felt in the country following the terrorist attack in Pulwama.
They are willing to sacrifice their lives, especially when it comes to tree protection, but they do not want any trees to be damaged.
I look forward to meeting political leaders and friends in Nepal.
The more lawyers and judges who are adept at the arbitration system, the more commercial advantage India will have.
In the rail and road sector, work on key projects such as the Chardham Project, the Kazigund-Banihal Tunnel, the Chenab Railway Bridge, and the Jiribam-Imphal Project was reviewed.
Recently, the Government of India has set uniform parameters for the rolling stock and signal systems of metro railways.
You can also be a big, important partner in promoting the country's tourism by using this period from October to March.
He said piracy in the Indian Ocean has been curbed because of the tenacity of the Indian Army and our international partners.
The Prime Minister discussed the bilateral partnership and other issues of mutual interest with the delegation.
Today, I am proud to say that it is due to collective efforts that the 'Swachh Bharat Abhiyan' has been successful.
In many parts of the country, our jawans and farmers had stood up against injustice by showing their bravery.
Service is a part of our culture.
The Prime Minister said that Indians should tell the world about their high traditions with great pride and confidence.
And the fast track arbitration is expected to get the same decision in six months.
He was affectionate and respected by all sections of the society.
During the meeting, the Prime Minister welcomed President Mirziyoyev and his delegation to Gujarat.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today addressed the Y4D New India Summit in New Delhi.
India is making rapid progress in all the indicators like Global Research Index, Global Performance Index, Global Competitiveness Index.
He said that the Quit India Movement, which began in 1942, was a decisive fight.
These reforms have taken our arbitration process to the international level.
He then addressed a large gathering at the ceremony to dedicate the Kochi Metro to the nation.
Under this scheme, our fishermen brothers and sisters will get loans, subsidies and concessions.
He said the government and state governments are keen to popularise the game.
This has also led to disruptions in inter-state trade.
After a long wait, India has achieved an improvement in the rankings.
The Prime Minister congratulated the people of the country and expressed confidence that the high-speed rail project will deliver faster results with speed and progress.
In November last year, India hosted the first South Asian Annual Disaster Management Exercise.
On 28 February 2001, he was appointed as a permanent judge of the Gauhati High Court.
His death is saddening.
India is one of the most investor-friendly economies in the world.
We launched the Ujjwala programme to provide cooking gas to 50 million women.
He said that work is being done to modernize the transport infrastructure.
The Prime Minister also laid the foundation stone of a six-lane bridge over the Brahmaputra River.
The Prime Minister concluded by saying that we show the importance of bringing about change based on the concept of 'I' to 'we', when we strive on our own and think about the society.
This, the Prime Minister said, has led to positive change and a sense of responsibility.
A new terminal for commercial operations under the UDAN scheme has been constructed at the airport.
Both sides underlined the importance of cooperation in the areas of transport education, personnel training, and scientific assistance for the implementation of international transport corridors.
I am happy to visit this great country once again.
It has been decided that this amount will be given to the farmers by the sugar factories.
These are all our values.
In doing all this, we have maintained our position among the fastest growing economies of the world.
He briefed about how the Central Government is working for the benefit of farmers.
The Prime Minister said that the government is also looking at ensuring that adequate agricultural credit is available.
As you may recall, India's performance in this year's Asian Games was also good.
Drug regulatory and quality control of drugs.
There was a demand for constitutional status for OBCs for many years.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the people on World Health Day.
He urged all the attendees to work towards achieving 100% cleanliness by 2nd October 2019, the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi.
There are many layers to our relationship as close neighbours.
Talking about 2017-2018, out of the total expenditure of 64 thousand crore rupees, 55 percent of the expenditure i.e. approximately 35 thousand crore rupees has been spent on works like water conservation.
For the first time since independence, the tricolour was hoisted at the Red Fort on the 75th foundation day of the Azad Hind Government.
Our goal is to provide every poor and homeless family with a house with toilets, water, and electricity by 2022.
Under the Mahila Kisan Sashaktikaran Yojana, 33 lakh women farmers of the country will be trained.
It will take a lot of effort to popularize this reading day on a large scale.
Due to Mahatma Gandhi's visionary efforts, the freedom struggle became a mass movement.
He expressed confidence that the Goods and Services Tax would bring about economic integration in the country, just as Sardar Patel had ensured the political integration of the country.
It had always been about undermining our culture and creating a sense of inferiority complex.
Many congratulations to daughter Shivangi as well.
Thousands of children took pictures.
I am very happy to participate in the inauguration ceremony of the Kochi Metro.
In this regard, he has also met and discussed with the High Commissioner of India to Sri Lanka this morning.
My dear countrymen, the festival of Navratri is on.
Remarkable progress has been made in rural areas under the Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana.
In 2016, Akshaya Patra served 2 billion cumulative meals in the presence of the then President of India, Pranab Mukherjee.
We are making effective use of technology to reach out to people.
Prime Minister Costa himself is a big fan of football.
The two leaders will also interact with the media.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated Mariyappan Thangavelu on winning Gold at Rio Paralympics 2016 and Varun Singh Bhati on winning Bronze.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that we should think about how the research will benefit the farmers.
On my behalf, my best wishes to the countrymen that all their dreams come true!
Similarly, there is a lot of talk in the country about simultaneous central and state elections.
Almost every house in our country now has electricity.
According to the International Settlement Bank, among major economies, the Indian economy will be least affected by banking sector crises.
Mother India lost her brave sons ten days ago.
He said that this is the embodiment of women empowerment in the country.
He praised the Ministry of AYUSH for setting up the All India Institute of Ayurveda.
The successful launch of the South Asia Satellite has fulfilled that promise.
And in the last two years, in 2014 and 2016, we have brought 90,000 Indians home safely from 54 countries.
Respected Sir, I have fresh memories of our meetings in August 2015 and last year in Brewery.
We have set a target of generating 175 GW of renewable energy capacity by 2022.
The aim is to create a minimum mobility community and bring public transport to the doorsteps of commuters.
Also, under the new law, petitions challenging the arbitral award must be disposed of by the court within one year.
There will also be e-Gruh Pravesh of 240 beneficiary families in their presence.
He referred to Dr. Ambedkar's view that political democracy should be transformed into social democracy.
It gives me great pleasure to be a part of this gathering of world leaders and stalwarts in food processing.
These bravehearts laid down their lives to protect 125 crore Indians.
Both countries unanimously agreed that this trend threatened peace, stability and progress in the Asian region.
This will create a bond that connects the societies of our two countries.
Addressing the enthusiastic crowd present at the event, the Prime Minister said that the enthusiasm that was there when the Champaran Satyagraha movement started 100 years ago is visible today.
In the digital sector, 2,187 mobile towers have been installed in Maoist-dominated districts during 2016-2017.
It is a satellite for the whole of South Asia.
The Prime Minister took an in-depth review of the flood situation in Assam, Nagaland, Arunachal Pradesh and Manipur during the day, in separate meetings.
The health cover provided under Pradhan Mantri Shram Yogi Maandhan Yojana as well as Ayushman Bharat as benefits under Pradhan Mantri Jeevan Jyoti Yojana and Pradhan Mantri Suraksha Bima Yojana have provided comprehensive protection to workers in the unorganized sector in their old age.
I am aware that the Government of Sri Lanka is taking a number of measures, including a five-year National Action Plan, to improve your quality of life.
Proposal to expand vaccination to all states
Seven of the top ten countries with the highest number of deaths are in the Asia Pacific region.
59. Both countries reaffirmed their commitment to strengthen the global nuclear non-proliferation regime.
The Prime Minister called for a war footing on water conservation and water management.
Security insurance plans have made this coverage available to millions of people who need insurance coverage the most.
This year in the southern Nilgiri Hills, our Neelkurinj flower is swaying like the Ashoka Chakra of the tricolour in the backdrop of the country's Independence Day festival.
The security of the country is our priority.
It is the responsibility of the community to make every effort to fulfil them, he added.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today addressed the centenary celebrations of Patna University.
He said India is today the fastest growing economy.
On the lines of the 115 Aspirational Districts selected by NITI Aayog, states can also choose up to 20 per cent of the total taluks in the state as Aspirational Taluks.
Everyone is proud of her game.
Manpower is the form of God.
He worked to keep the people united by awakening national consciousness.
The Prime Minister also interacted with the beneficiaries of Deendayal Antyodaya Yojana and National Rural Livelihoods Mission.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that we will never forget the historical legacy we have received.
The enthusiasm of these young doctors, who are selflessly serving patients, is truly commendable.
He urged the NRI community to encourage at least five foreign families to visit India every year.
I congratulate Finance Minister Arun Jaitley ji for presenting a very excellent budget.
A list of 26 islands has been prepared for all-round development.
The Prime Minister appreciated Secretary Carter for his contribution to strengthening defence cooperation between India and the United States.
Yoga is enriching life in every situation, be it the Himalayas at thousands of feet or the deserts with abundant sunlight.
He spoke to the citizens at Kavaratti and Kanyakumari.
It has come to our notice that urgent measures need to be taken to prevent the spread of terrorism, violent extremism and radicalisation.
There is no dearth of excellent judges and lawyers in India.
We have adopted widely accepted standards and norms to assess the risks associated with disasters such as earthquakes.
This is a different door that the government has opened for you, the path that you are going to take today.
The need for roads, railways and waterways is huge.
Ujjwala Yojana to provide clean energy to the citizens of the country, Swachh Bharat Abhiyan for health and sanitation, Jan-Dhan Yojana for financial inclusion are reflections of this.
The oil ministers of developing countries are aware of the sensitivity to energy prices.
Talking about the progress made in this direction, the Prime Minister said that more than 11 crore Soil Health Cards have been distributed so far.
Prime Minister Modi emphasized that the benefits of this scheme should reach the poorest of the poor and the truly needy in the society.
The Prime Minister urged the sportspersons to stay in touch with the gurus, teachers who guided and groom them from an early age.
He always gave importance to education and social reforms.
This region is at the heart of our government's' Act East 'policy.
The Prime Minister appreciated the progress in defence technology cooperation between the two countries.
What you say is true.
Bilateral meetings with participating countries are also planned during the BRICS Summit.
The issue of black money on the world stage
In two and a half years, more than 1.25 lakh crore black money has come to light.
Speaking on the occasion, he said that Vietnam is an important pillar of India's "Act East" plan.
Ekta has won gold and bronze medals at the World Para Athletics Grand Prix 2018 in Tunisia.
Once during a hockey match in Kolkata, a rival player hit Dhyan Chand ji on the head with a hockey stick.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the loss of lives due to a bus accident in Mandya, Karnataka.
In the last three years, every International Day of Yoga event was enthusiastically attended by people from all over the country and the world.
This Environment Day, we all want to think about what we can do to make our planet cleaner and greener.
Small shopkeepers, small entrepreneurs will benefit from this decision of the government.
He noted that the youth of the country are working to take the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan to new heights.
The mission will provide preventive, promotive, rehabilitative services.
More than 90% of FDI approvals are being granted through the automatic route.
It was highlighted that India's economic development programmes, including the Goods and Services Tax, are commendable.
In this dynamic modern world of today, yoga is creating peace by uniting body, mind, spirit, and spirit.
We are looking at various strategies for effective waste management.
The manner in which affection, faith and condolences were being expressed for Atalji from all over the country showed his towering personality.
The MoU will facilitate strengthening of bilateral cooperation between the two countries.
While the global economy is going through a period of uncertainty, India has shown great resilience.
Our armed forces have always displayed unparalleled courage and valour.
We will stand shoulder to shoulder with all countries in the region in our efforts to build resilience to disasters.
6 labour laws and 3 environmental laws have been changed to allow young entrepreneurs to use only self-certification.
The two countries underlined the importance of enhancing cooperation in the aluminium sector.
Our government is striving to achieve development while preserving the environment and local culture.
People have also started giving Khadi items while visiting each other.
On the 71st Independence Day, Prime Minister Narendra Modi addressed the nation from the ramparts of the Red Fort today.
He will unveil a plaque to mark the laying of foundation stone of Railway Bogie Factory, Sonepat.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today approved measures to promote the hydropower sector.
Then in 1945, when the freedom struggle gained momentum, he prepared a revised copy of these ideas.
The Government and people of India are with you in your journey towards peace and prosperity.
The central government had decided to celebrate 7 March 2019 as' Jan Aushadhi Diwas' across the country to create awareness and promote the use of generic medicines.
Many best wishes and blessings to Hanaya.
Your actions will go a long way in building a New India.
The Prime Minister said that yoga can help in improving concentration.
These countries, which are very popular among entrepreneurs, are gaining popularity due to their ease of doing business.
He reviewed the Smart Cities Mission.
- Solar photovoltaic energy has become cost-effective compared to all other energy sources.
There will be discussions as per the government's thinking and I think there will be a very good discussion in this session.
He is the first Indian officer to travel the world in a small name without any modern technology.
This year also, you should try to organize 'Run for Unity' in your village, city, metropolis.
The Air Force also gave a befitting reply to the enemy in 1965.
Our past has always been interconnected.
It is not possible to create a New India without Tamil Nadu.
Now, this is a major strength of our tourism.
In an informal interaction with the Prime Minister, he said that it is his dream to have a prosperous and corruption-free India.
It will not be possible if a family consistently demoralizes its own child and expects the child to be well respected in the area.
Atal ji has done a great job of bringing his beloved tricolor closer to the masses.
Fifty cities in India are ready to implement metro rail projects.
I pray for the speedy recovery of those injured in this train accident.
If we practice the breathing techniques and yogasanas in yoga regularly, we can protect ourselves from many diseases in addition to benefiting from good health.
Attempts were also made to undermine the confidence of the Indians in this.
The family of Shri Gurbachan Singh Ji has set a similar example before us.
During the interaction, Prime Minister Modi briefed about India's policies on climate change and sustainable environment.
Almost all the villages on the banks of the river Ganges have become open defecation free.
Today, we are in the age of information technology.
The brand Amul is known worldwide and has been an inspiration.
We seek peace and prosperity for all.
The agreement was signed during the visit of a Palestinian minister to India in May 2017.
Notably, India has achieved this feat even before it undertook some major economic reforms.
Friends, The stronger the emotional bonds between us, the more our cultural and trade heritage will be enriched for the future.
The Prime Minister will inaugurate the Homi Bhabha Cancer Hospital at Lehratara.
Through his articles and conferences, he assisted Basu in his research and promotion.
The two countries are contributing more than ever to creating a more connected world.
India and Japan are ancient civilizations and vibrant democracies.
There will be more difficult challenges in the years to come.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, on Wednesday interacted with a group of about 80 Additional Secretaries and Joint Secretaries serving in the Union Government.
I think there are great opportunities in this for investors.
The Prime Minister said that the common man can associate himself with Adi Shankaracharya's composition Soundarya Lahari.
He highlighted the fact that the project had received final approval in January 2015 and today the project has been completed.
This relationship has been underpinned by strong people-to-people contacts between the two countries, as well as a large Indian community in Canada.
Yoga practice is helpful in balancing the atmosphere of division.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that Mahatma Gandhi brought about the confluence of Jan Bhagidari and Jan Andolan.
The two countries aim to establish cooperative institutional relations to promote technical bilateral cooperation on new and renewable issues of mutual benefit.
Talking about the goals of balanced development in rural and urban areas, the Prime Minister said that the cooperative movement can play an important role in achieving these goals.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval to the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Singapore on cooperation in the field of Town Planning and Development.
The Prime Minister expressed confidence that through a scientific approach, technological innovation, as well as R & D, graduate students will transform the agriculture sector into a profitable livelihood.
The Prime Minister said that today the farmer buys at the retail price and sells at the wholesale price.
India's contribution to global fish production is over six per cent.
He has given priority to every drop of water.
In Arunachal Pradesh, 50 health and wellness centres will be inaugurated by the Prime Minister.
The Prime Minister said, "Congratulations to Donald Trump on taking charge as the President of the United States of America.
Dedicated Freight Corridors are being developed to decongest our rail network.
The review meeting, which lasted for about two hours, was attended by senior officials from infrastructure-related ministries, NITI Aayog and the Prime Minister's Office.
The Prime Minister also emphasised the shared values between India and Japan.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the people on National Voters' Day.
Asaram has cleared the MBBS entrance exam for AIIMS Jodhpur in his first attempt.
The children are currently visiting different parts of the country under the initiative "Watan Ko Jano."
It was attended by 71 countries from all over the world, including India.
A number of conferences and seminars have been organized based on various themes.
The Prime Minister then flagged off the "Run for Unity" from the Major Dhyan Chand National Stadium.
We will work towards a high level of military-to-military cooperation.
We are all experiencing how something can move very easily.
He also said that India's water will not be allowed to go to Pakistan.
She was so impressed by the work of Swami Vivekananda that she gave up her happy life and dedicated her life to the service of the poor.
India and Russia resolved to cooperate to meet the objectives in this regard.
It is considered to be the time of worship of Vidya.
Praising the Bohra community, Prime Minister Modi said, "I consider it my privilege to have received the affection of the Bohra community.
I assure all possible help from the government.
The Prime Minister elaborated on Mahatma Gandhi's commitment to cleanliness.
Not only me, but the whole of India and the whole of South Africa is looking forward to hearing the President's views.
The Prime Minister further said that 3 lakh institutions have come under scrutiny and after demonetisation, it has been found that the scrutiny is over.
In his speech, Modi mentioned recent reforms in India.
Today is 9th August.
"The successful test firing of Agni V is a matter of pride for all Indians.
And that is why, brothers and sisters, we cannot forget these great people who have been an integral part of the country's history.
The world recognizes Indonesia as the most popular, democratic, pluralistic, and socially committed Muslim nation in the world.
Modi laid special emphasis on privatisation of the gas distribution sector through partners.
Your generation also suffered a lot.
New laws have been made, old laws have been made more stringent.
The first new Bhabhatron will be dedicated to the nation by the Prime Minister.
"We are proud of Kidambi Srikanth's victory in the Australian Open Super Series tournament.
The Prime Minister urged the students to promote ideas that lead to innovative solutions to people's problems.
Friends, Yoga has shown the way to wellness by taking the world away from the path of illness.
But someone has to take such a decision for the sake of the country.
The Prime Minister will inaugurate the Hollong Modular Gas Processing Plant at Tinsukia.
He emphasized on women's empowerment and women's dignity.
Xi and I will exchange views on a range of issues of bilateral and global importance.
River and water conservation has a special significance in many of our festivals.
Both these places are visited by a very large number of devotees every year.
The Prime Minister also met representatives of the Ceylon Workers' Congress and the Tamil Progressive Alliance.
Therefore, at present, we have achieved the position of an integrated economy at the global level.
This is the true identity of your dynamic course and the credibility of the exam.
Addressing an enthusiastic and large gathering, the Prime Minister said that he is experiencing how Rajasthan is hospitable and hospitable to its guests.
"We are very proud of our youth.
The foreign exchange reserves of over US $400 billion give us ample protection.
Development in the last two and a half years
I strongly condemn such violent incidents and pray for peace to all.
I don't think reading and learning should be limited to work.
He also released a postage stamp on Ramayana.
He urged the children to take care that their appreciation and fame do not become a hindrance to their future progress.
Under the scheme, 10 crore families will be provided with health insurance of Rs.5 lakh per annum. Prime Minister will launch Pradhan Mantri Jan Arogya Yojana in Ranchi; and inaugurate Pakyong Airport in Sikkim.
Notably, the foundation stone of the institute was laid by the Prime Minister himself in April 2015.
All these great men had toured India extensively.
He said that Prime Minister Modi is a very tall and world-class leader.
He also informed about the various development projects that were launched in his presence.
Low labour rates, large domestic markets, and micro-economic stability have made India an investment destination.
As soon as Shastriji's name is uttered, a sense of boundless faith blooms in the minds of our Indians.
Our partnership will certainly address the issues of ending terrorism, organised crime, pears and human trafficking.
Work started three years ago and the first phase has been completed.
India remembers its brave soldiers who fought in the First World War.
He said that every year, our armed forces conduct 10 major joint exercises with the armed forces of friendly countries.
Regular practice of yogasanas affects a family's regular medical expenses and reduces these costs.
I am confident that the discussions on this forum will help citizens around the world have access to clean, affordable and sustainable energy.
He expressed the need for our universities to shift from traditional teaching to innovative and innovative learning.
Investors want growth and macro-economic stability.
On this day, at 11 am, we observe a two-minute silence to pay homage to the martyrs who laid down their lives for the country.
"On World Toilet Day, we reaffirm our commitment to improving sanitation facilities across our country.
The Prime Minister will focus on programmes related to sanitation and renewable energy, coinciding with Gandhi Jayanti, and pay tributes to Mahatma Gandhi at Rajghat on 2 October.
India and Cyprus enjoy close economic relations.
In modern times, more than 130 thousand Indian soldiers have laid down their lives in different world wars in the last century.
I have urged people to give each other books instead of bouquets as a greeting.
I see in front of me, a large number of Balakrishna are also present in large numbers.
India's recent investments in the diamond manufacturing sector in the Russian Far East were noted.
The Prime Minister addressed in detail the various queries raised by the members of the delegation.
In a message on Twitter, the Prime Minister said that the Union Government has assured all possible support to the Government of Bihar in containing the flood situation and the situation is being closely monitored.
The Prime Minister explained that the government will increase the number of seats in the educational institution so that students from other classes are not affected in the educational institution.
I urge the youth to be a part of this initiative.
The Prime Minister will then leave for Odisha.
Sustained water availability is important for agriculture and the Pradhan Mantri Krishi Sinchayee Yojana has been launched for this.
Arbitration proceedings can now be expedited, as the Arbitration Act has been amended.
It will be a tribute to Mahatma Gandhi on his 150th birth anniversary in 2019, Modi said.
The Act is going to play an effective role in curbing cases of atrocities against women and girls.
This was one of the feats of our soldiers towards peace.
The test of your whole life will not be there.
57 teams of National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) are currently engaged in rescue operations. 1300 personnel and 435 boats of this team are continuously engaged in relief and rescue operations.
The establishment of a Joint Working Group on Counter-Terrorism by India and Morocco will provide assistance in cases related to terrorist attacks.
The Prime Minister hoped for faster progress in electronic team tax collection.
Out of 300 researchers from 42 countries, 3 researchers represent India.
Recently, Hima Das, a brave daughter of India and a son of a soil, has created a new history by winning the gold medal in the 400 meters race of the Junior U-20 World Athletics Championship held in Finland a few days ago.
The Prime Minister asked the citizens of the country to be aware that some forces are trying to put pressure on the judiciary.
The memorial has been set up by the Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO) in a very short span of time.
Prime Minister Modi and President Xi Jinping reviewed the development of India-China strategic relations from a long-term perspective.
We have a strong, investment-oriented policy framework to promote domestic hydrocarbon production.
I will also address the Indian community in Indonesia.
India expressed its intention to increase the import of fertilizers from Russia.
He added that his visit to the Cellular Jail and the place where Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose hoisted the tricolour 75 years ago will always be remembered.
The initiative is working to build the skills needed to contribute to the 21st-century economy into the new entrant workforce.
The Ayushman Bharat scheme will provide numerous investment opportunities in health infrastructure, medical device manufacturing, and healthcare.
Going beyond that, there is a need to bring transparency and flexibility to the oil and natural gas market.
This year's Rabi sowing has increased by 6% as compared to last year.
He said that the Constitution is the soul of our democratic structure.
The new rays of the new year have brought new resolutions of success.
He congratulated the people of Jammu and Kashmir for making the state open defecation free by September 2018.
Spiritual institutions in India have served as centres for the spread of social reform.
However, I am very pleased to see the second round of talks between India and Portugal in just over six months.
This is the first time such an event has been organised in South Asia.
It is quite natural for people to be proud of this great tradition of India.
And, to shape our partnership and relationship in a way that promotes the progress of the Indian and Sri Lankan people and leaves an impact on your lives.
The funds will be used for repair, maintenance and strengthening of roads, highways, bridges and other damaged infrastructure.
Both underscored the importance of the core values of pluralism, democracy and rule of law for peaceful co-existence.
Strategic decisions are taken not only on the battlefield, but also to set up factories of defence manufacturing industries.
Today, 97 percent of the country's population has access to toilets due to the government's vigorous sanitation campaign.
He expressed confidence that the Ardh Kumbh Mela would enable devotees to witness the confluence of tradition and modernity in New India.
The country is governed by peace, goodwill and unity.
India will have to improve on this to stay competitive.
It is the responsibility of all of us countrymen to maintain the safety and cleanliness of historical heritages and structures.
The Ayushman Bharat scheme also includes the Prime Minister's National Health Protection Mission.
Agreement on Consultations between the Ministries of Foreign Affairs of India and Russia for the period 2019-2023
BHIM stands for Bharat Interface for Money.
The meeting will review various schemes implemented in the last year and prioritise future schemes.
The Prime Minister said schemes like Mudra Yojana, Jan Dhan Yojana, and Stand Up India are helping in financial inclusion.
The transportation needs of the country are now going to be greatly helped to be better met by the railways.
The agreement was signed in April 2017.
The Portuguese have a great love for football.
New people were also trained to vote.
I am particularly grateful to Prime Minister Abe for his encouragement and personal support.
Therefore, a healthy mind is the most effective medicine for improving memory.
Today, we are all connected.
I myself will be a candidate in this election.
If the area around you is unclean and not cleaned, gradually you start adapting to the situation.
This year's international conference is being held in California, USA.
He added that all those present here today are witness to the joy and happiness of the beneficiaries from the presentations made today.
The development projects inaugurated today are beneficial for the cooperative sector.
Many such great opportunities await you.
The Prime Minister will release the blueprint for the Haritha Rameswaram project.
The second edition of "Samvad - Global Initiative on Conflict Avoidance and Environment Consciousness" is being held today and tomorrow in Yangon.
64. Both sides noted that the participation of Prime Minister Narendra Modi of India in the SCO Heads of State Meeting held in Qingdao in June 2018 demonstrates India's successful participation in the functioning of the organization as a full-fledged member.
He added that the 'Statue of Unity' has given a huge impetus to India's future today.
Millions of people also take a dip in the holy rivers on Makar Sankranti.
If we cannot control this process through both planning and execution, the economic and loss of life caused by disasters will be unprecedented.
Under his leadership, challenges in the financial and banking sectors were tackled effectively.
A painting museum has been set up in the same Kranti Mandir.
- To inform citizens about hygiene, food safety and nutritious eating habits.
We are constantly trying to simplify the process for small entrepreneurs.
People donate to the needy during this holy month.
In such a situation, consumer protection is a subject that is an important factor in increasing and empowering trade in this sector.
The Prime Minister said it was because of Vajpayee's vision of development that these states were making rapid progress.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has expressed grief over the demise of K. Karunanidhi.
Now it is the festival of Eid.
In 2016, a special Leprosy Diagnosis, Special Campaign was undertaken.
"Greetings on World Environment Day.
First of all, on behalf of the House and on my own behalf, I heartily congratulate the newly elected Deputy Speaker Harivanshji.
As developing countries, we all face the same challenges.
Foreign direct investment inflows from Japan have nearly tripled in the last three years.
He said the recommendations of these sub-groups have been accepted by various ministries of the central government.
Such a free parliament will lead to brainstorming among the youth in this regard.
The game is played in almost every state.
Due to some such reforms, our economy is racing fast on the path of development.
Our soldiers also practiced yoga in Siachen, where the temperature is minus 20, 25, 40 degrees.
Don't miss this opportunity.
Similarly, social justice is also an important administrative objective, he added.
In this context, I present to you a ten-point declaration aimed at improving our efforts towards disaster risk reduction.
Therefore, the government must ensure that every citizen of the country has access to affordable healthcare.
He expressed confidence that a strong India-US partnership is an important factor for global peace and prosperity.
He said that he is committed to providing affordable healthcare to the poor and middle class.
Lakhs of artisans and weavers have benefited from it, he added.
I have always maintained that the 21st century is Asia's century.
This morning, I announced a direct Air India flight from Colombo to Varanasi.
The agreement will facilitate mechanisms for accelerating scientific cooperation between India and Canada in academic institutions as well as R & D.
The Prime Minister said that Gurudev Rabindranath Tagore wanted Indian students to preserve their Indianness and participate equally in development activities around the world.
His significant contribution to the freedom struggle will always be remembered.
On this occasion, the Prime Minister interacted with college students from different parts of the country.
The MoU covers the following areas of cooperation:
His efforts, especially for the upliftment of the poor, will always be remembered.
The Varanasi Convention Center project is a symbol of cultural cooperation between the Japanese city of Kyoto and Varanasi.
No new funding has been approved for this.
These people have taken this movement forward in a very good spirit.
Prime Minister Dr. Abdul Momen briefed the Prime Minister on the recent developments in bilateral relations.
An excellent view of the Sardar Sarovar Dam reservoir, Satpura, and the Vindhya mountain range.
First of all, I congratulate NITI Aayog for leading this global conference.
If you look at his life, it reflects the whole of India.
It will see visits by youth from both countries to each other's countries, regular meetings and discussions between youth organisations and government officials working on youth policies.
The Prime Minister also mentioned the steps taken for the Scheduled Castes and Other Backward Classes.
It was reported that the Advanced Pharma Company has set up a pharmaceutical plant in Russia.
Welcoming the delegation, the Prime Minister said that the greatest strength of democracy is harmony and affection.
In that interview, Field Marshal Manekshaw was recalling the time when he was a colonel.
Subramania Bharati, a noted nationalist and Tamil poet, is known for his revolutionary poem Pudumari Penn, New Women and Women's Empowerment.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval to the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Afghanistan on Cooperation in the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space.
Earlier, the Ministry of Home Affairs has announced an assistance of ₹100 crore to Kerala on 12 August 2018.
The Supreme Court's ban on jallikattu was also discussed.
School students also interacted with the Prime Minister about their research at the Atal Tinkering Lab.
Atalji's general leadership laid the foundation for a strong, prosperous and inclusive India of the 21st century.
You must have heard a lot about the Kumbh Mela.
This is the second visit of the Prime Minister to the city.
He expressed confidence that the Ayushman Bharat scheme will lead to a healthy India.
This requires lawyers who are proficient in the procedure of arbitration.
Doing social work should be a matter of pride and pride for everyone.
While the law is doing its job, we have to work unitedly against such people if anyone is running away from it by giving it a political colour.
I will be in Jakarta on 29 May at the invitation of the President of Indonesia, Joko Widodo.
During my visit to Singapore, I will focus on further strengthening India-Singapore partnership in the areas of fintech, skill development, urban planning and AI.
I am deeply saddened by his death.
In just 100 days, seven lakh poor people have benefited from this scheme.
Today, the entire country is celebrating Janmashtami along with Independence Day.
During the interaction, the Prime Minister highlighted the scope of energy security and food security cooperation between the two countries.
Nearly 150 lakh hectares of land has been benefited by such water conservation and water management measures in the last three years.
Modi also announced an immediate additional assistance of Rs 500 crore under the SDRF.
We are also happy to share India's holistic health traditions like Yoga and Ayurveda.
Gradually, the work will move in that direction.
Recently, I had two visits that will be remembered.
Works such as the Encyclopedia on Hinduism, if made available in different languages, will increase understanding and awareness of other traditions and cultures of the country.
In August 2016, stricter regulations restricting benami transactions were introduced.
In a short time, the new year of 2017 will begin.
Biofuels can help reduce dependence on crude oil imports.
ITIs are going to help empower the youth of the island with skills.
We want to connect with this dynamic land in every way.
Recognized trade associations will therefore be responsible for maintaining industrial harmony.
During the same period, 11,641 additional habitations were connected by road.
As a result, Japanese industries have partnered with the Indian economy on an even greater scale.
This figure is expected to double in the next ten years.
Honey is a gift from nature to humans.
Speaking earlier, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe described the India-Japan partnership as special, strategic and global.
The Prime Minister said that the central government will help the states affected by the cyclone through a package.
After the inauguration of the bridge, the Prime Minister walked over the bridge for a few minutes.
This was the ninth issue of the Prime Minister's video bridge interaction with beneficiaries of various government schemes.
This will help increase bilateral trade and investment.
A few days ago, Neeraj ji, the beloved poet of our country, left us forever.
In a way, this is a period of significant events in the course of the country.
Now India is fully prepared for a sweet revolution.
From Kanyakumari to Kashmir and from Kutch to Kamrup, from Amreli to Arunachal Pradesh, exams are held in these three-four months.
The women said that these self-help groups have brought a positive change in their lives.
Atalji's demise is a personal and irreparable loss to me.
On this day, we reiterate our commitment to strengthen our democracy by participating in the democratic process at the local, state and national levels without fail.
Brothers and sisters, Today the country is rich in food grains.
This will encourage the promotion and propagation of Indian traditional medicine in Colombia.
My young friends, you are well aware that I am constantly telling you my 'Mann Ki Baat'.
The elders of the family should also try to play with the children as much as possible.
It was Veer Savarkar who fearlessly wrote that what happened in 1857 was not a rebellion but the first war of independence.
So far, 5 crore women belonging to 45 lakh self-help groups have been provided employment opportunities under this mission.
I once again thank Prime Minister Netanyahu, Mrs. Netanyahu and the accompanying delegation for their memorable stay in India.
Previously, eighty to ninety large merchants could travel to Belgium, Africa, and Israel to see the unsung diamonds from around the world.
The award-winning teachers shared inspiring stories of their efforts to make our school a centre of learning and excellence with the Prime Minister.
The Prime Minister praised the work of the country's security apparatus while ensuring the country's security.
He said Kashi is now emerging as a health hub.
The central government is closely monitoring the flood situation in Kerala.
This is also the fifth time that the Prime Minister will interact with various beneficiaries of government schemes through video bridge.
He appreciated the participation of the cities in the challenging task.
It contributes to our energy security.
The Prime Minister said that it is important that the benefits of government schemes reach the last section of the society.
This has made rural women smoke-free.
This tool does the work of uniting us.
The Prime Minister pressed the key to begin the virtual consecration of the statue.
President Moon's decision to send First Lady Kim Jung-sook as his special representative to the Deepotsav in Ayodhya in November last year touched our hearts.
The 100% neem coating of urea has helped in reducing the cost of fertilizers along with increasing the production.
Leaving your home for the first time, leaving your village for another place, coming out of a safe environment and becoming your own charioteer.
The Prime Minister said that there is immense tourism potential in the North East.
January, February, March, and April are all months of great testing in every family.
An air service between Jagdalpur and Raipur will also be inaugurated by the Prime Minister.
With this mutual and global goal in mind, I thank Prime Minister Abe and Japan for being a worthy partner.
Due to their efforts, the Indian passport is respected everywhere, he added.
17 The signing of the Memorandum of Understanding between the Small Industries Corporation of India and the Russian Small and Medium Business Corporation was welcomed.
The Prime Minister said, "Greetings to the Central Industrial Security Force on its Raising Day!
Barriers to the arbitral decision-making process in the past have now been removed.
Reading widens a person's thinking circles.
We provide loans to small businesses without any collateral.
Referring to projects in power, roads and other infrastructure sectors, Narendra Modi said these projects have made significant progress and improved the lives of people in and around Varanasi.
Prime Minister Modi announced an ex-gratia of Rs 2 lakh each to the next of the kin of those killed and Rs 50,000 each to those seriously injured in the floods from the Prime Minister's Relief Fund.
Having a rich readership is going to help India excel globally.
These forts were guarded by the naval forces of the Marathas.
The Prime Minister assured that the Union Government would look into the delegation's request, adding that the development of Jammu and Kashmir was a top priority.
Today, our fishermen brothers and sisters go to sea with small boats.
Thereafter, the Prime Minister will lay the foundation stone of Amul Manufacturing Plant Expansion Project at Anand and Khatraj.
Prime Minister Modi conveyed his best wishes for the progress and prosperity of the friendly people of Malaysia.
Your children have benefited from this.
Talking about the economy, the Prime Minister said that there is hope across the world that India will soon become a $5 trillion economy.
He said Adi Shankaracharya united India through the Vedas and the Upanishads.
He also said that the FRP value of sugarcane for the sugar season 2018-2019 will be announced in the next two weeks.
Tababi Devi, a 16-year-old young athlete, hails from a village in Manipur.
The Central Government conferred the status of "Centre of Excellence" on the Institute's Molecular Oncology Department in 2007.
Since last month, he has started broadcasting regional language translations of my Mann Ki Baat immediately after its completion.
Walking with the culture of many is India's difference from other countries. "
He mentioned the changes brought about in the lives of the common man by Jan Dhan Yojana, Mudra Yojana, Ujjwala Yojana, Fasal Bima Yojana and Saubhagya Yojana.
But when I look at the impact of 'Mann Ki Baat', it reinforces my belief that 'Mann Ki Baat' is 100 per cent tied to the people of the country.
Under this campaign, every family will get an insurance cover of up to Rs 5 lakh per year and will also be able to get medical facilities in the hospital.
That is why Swami Vivekananda says, "Expansion is life and contraction is death."
These experiences will enrich your life.
He encouraged the jawans so that their routine tasks, duties would be facilitated and secured.
This will be the fourth of five such interactions by the Prime Minister.
From very ancient times like the Upanishads, enlightened people have been respected for many generations.
Terming it a historic day, the Prime Minister dedicated the scheme to 42 crore workers in the unorganized sector of the country.
A training institute will also be set up along with the high-speed rail project.
At the outset, I would like to tell you about the commendable achievements of our scientists in the recent past.
It is the time of worship of Maa Durga.
Interacting with beneficiaries and shopkeepers from over 5000 locations, the Prime Minister said that the government has taken two major steps to ensure that high-quality medicines are available at affordable prices.
Even in our Puranas, the importance of personal hygiene is found.
The two leaders stressed the importance of enhancing security and defence cooperation between the two countries as strategic partners and maritime neighbours.
Many young people leave their homes for the first time to give a different, new direction to their lives.
Apart from this, five teams of BSF, CISF and RAF are also deployed for relief and rescue operations.
These things have the power to change the mood of the entire country.
There have been reports of good rainfall in most parts of the country over the past few days.
There are more than 8 lakh doctors.
The redressal of public grievances in 17 sectors was also reviewed.
We are gathered here today to work on the belief that we, as human beings, can do much for this earth.
An ordinary tea seller, you will be surprised to know, but it is spreading the light of education in the lives of more than 70 children.
Peacekeeping operations are not an easy task.
Due to our consistent efforts, India's ranking in Ease of Doing Business has improved.
Security and defence cooperation has provided a new dimension to our relations.
In 2001, Atal ji changed the time of presenting the budget in Parliament to eleven in the morning.
Both countries will benefit from this.
He praised the officers who were responsible for bringing about this change.
The growth of healthcare facilities will create a large number of jobs.
People took inspiration from his sacrifice and helped him in his service.
This will not only improve your cleaning and processing efficiency, but will also result in timely and efficient completion of projects.
Through concerted efforts, they have changed the fortunes of not only themselves but also of their region.
When India was not independent, our traditions such as yoga and ayurveda were underestimated by knowledge.
It was on that first visit that I felt his enthusiasm and affection for India.
Agreement on Law and Justice in Civil and Commercial Matters
With the resolve of 125 crore countrymen, with the efforts of 125 crore countrymen, with the sacrifices and penance of 125 crore countrymen, and we know what the power of collective is.
Bilal Dar is young but has become an inspiration to everyone who loves cleanliness.
The two leaders agreed to jointly contribute positively and substantially towards sustainable solutions to global challenges such as climate change, sustainable development, food security, etc.
It should be our instinctive nature as a society, as a country, to observe this two-minute silence at 11 am on 30th January.
His gentle personality has always made every countryman proud.
In this' Swachhata Hi Seva 'movement, we can see how much the electronic media, print media of our country can serve the country.
But the expected effects of law reforms can be seen only when an effective and efficient dispute resolution mechanism is in place.
He noted that several announcements have been made in the budget in this regard.
During the discussions, the Prime Minister also shared his thoughts on issues such as climate change and smart cities.
It is the responsibility of every political party to identify and weed out such leaders from our political journey.
Speaking about the integrity of the Bohra community in business, the Prime Minister encouraged honest businessmen and workers through the GST, the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code.
We will be hosting a Global Mobility Summit this year.
The Prime Minister also reviewed the progress of implementation of AMRUT Mission.
The Prime Minister said that as a country, we must strive hard to achieve the ultimate goal, but also work towards eradicating the social stigma associated with the disease.
Not only this, we are also the sixth largest producer of renewable energy globally.
The Prime Minister said that as a society, we need to remain connected to our history.
The Prime Minister recalled his work in the education sector and other social activities.
Dear countrymen, after the Diwali holiday, all of you must have come into everyday life with a new resolve, with a new resolve.
The name of the selected bank will be on the Kochi Metro ticket rate card as well as the name of the bank on the app.
The institute also participated enthusiastically.
The government aims to provide piped natural gas to 1 crore households in the next five years.
This will provide more than 100 million poor and vulnerable families with insurance coverage of more than $7000 per year.
Take advantage of your stay in the spiritual city of Rishikesh and the sacred ambience of Parmarth Niketan.
The two leaders also discussed the importance of enhancing connectivity.
The Prime Minister said that psychology and behavioural psychology should be the core of training.
One teacher asked him what advice he should give to parents who have unrealistic expectations of their children and are burdened with stress themselves.
He said that due to these initiatives, India has jumped 42 places in the Ease of Doing Business rankings in the last four years.
The Prime Minister said that for the first time since independence, such a scheme has been designed for crores of workers in the unorganized sector.
Now we have taken some important decisions for the farmer brothers.
In this direction, the participation of the Prime Minister will bring together the various stakeholders involved in this mission.
As we implement the Sendai Plan, let us welcome new opportunities for regional and international cooperation.
Who does not know the spirit of courage, the spirit of adventure?
The process of starting a new company can now be completed in a day.
The two countries appreciated efforts to strengthen and institutionalize cooperation between 23 Indian states and Russian provinces.
These ranges of Uttarakhand spontaneously inspire us to practice yoga and Ayurveda.
Under the Integrated Primary Health Care of Ayushman Bharat scheme, we are going to provide preventive measures and treatment facilities to the citizens closer to their homes.
The proposed bill will make the nomination of workers' representatives to the tripartite bodies by the government more transparent.
He said the cooperative movement has the potential to solve people's problems.
He said India is currently ranked third in the World Travel & Tourism Council's 2018 report.
After this event, he will go to Anjar.
The Prime Minister was warmly received upon his arrival by the students of the primary school in Narur village.
"I bow to Guru Ravidass on his Jayanti.
The recognition of trade associations at the central / state level will reduce the duplication of such processes by different departments.
Her performance in the semi-finals is remembered by all.
India can prosper only when it is clean, healthy.
In the solar energy sector, we are the fifth largest producer of electricity in the world.
He expressed confidence that the youth of our country will never be misguided.
In the coming year 2019, we will celebrate the 550th Prakash Year of Guru Nanak Dev Ji.
We stand in full support of Portugal on this tragic occasion.
He said projects worth more than Rs 12 lakh crore have been completed so far.
The Prime Minister said that he was happy that he had fulfilled the promise of One Rank One Pension to ex-servicemen and was able to fulfil it.
Along with Kathmandu, I look forward to visiting Janakpur and Muktinath during this visit.
He said that new AIIMS are being set up so that the poor have easy access to healthcare.
He expressed confidence that everyone will work together to complete the project at the earliest.
PM pays tributes to those who lost their lives due to the recent earthquake and tsunami in Sulawesi, Indonesia
We are now an independent India.
- Cooperation in human resource development and setting up of health facilities.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that India and Israel will cooperate in the areas of food, water, health, and energy.
Who is not a fan of Harmanpreet Kaur?
Even today, India is one of the largest troop contributors to the UN's rapidly diverging peacekeeping forces.
He said that the reputation earned in the past is not enough but it is important to prepare oneself for the challenges that lie ahead.
He hoped that the feet of the medal winning athletes will continue to remain on the ground and they will not lose sight of the game in the heat of fame and praise.
The role of Chartered Accountants is going to be the most important on this historic occasion.
During the visit, in addition to my discussions with President Moon, I will meet business leaders, dignitaries from diverse fields, and members of the Indian community.
He said the development of the eastern part of India is a top priority for the Union Government.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has welcomed and extended his best wishes to all the sports teams and players who have come for the FIFA U-17 Football World Cup.
We obviously want more flow of Japanese investment.
He hoped that IIT Bhubaneswar will open the way for Odisha's industrial development and improve the quality of life of the people with the help of technology.
When Rajni expressed her desire to learn boxing, her father gathered all possible means and encouraged her.
This has been possible due to the cooperation of the central government and all the states as well as political parties.
The 125 crore citizens of India will welcome the New Year with new resolutions, new hopes, new enthusiasm, new dreams.
He also said that efforts should be made to monitor the quality at the district level so that infrastructure can be designed accordingly.
Enhancing water efficiency and utilization of water resources, water conservation and water purification, enhancing agricultural productivity are the main thrust areas of our bilateral relations and in this regard, we seek to further strengthen the relationship between the two countries.
He listed the initiatives undertaken in the implementation of GST, auction distribution of natural resources, reforms in insurance and banking sectors, as well as skill development.
"Strongly condemn the terrorist attack in Kabul.
The community needs encouragement.
I congratulate the individuals and organizations that are working to build as many toilets as possible in different parts of India.
I made this appeal so that 'brain-gain' could be the answer to the problem of 'brain-drain'.
It was a war in which our soldiers fought all over the world for peace, even though India was not directly involved.
He said a holistic approach to education is being taken under the Samagra Shiksha Abhiyan.
Finally, I congratulate the people of Kochi, the Kochi Metro Rail Corporation and the Chief Minister of Kerala for this momentous achievement.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that he is not ready to believe that Atalji will be no more with us.
Some things leave an indelible mark on my mind.
BharatNet aims to provide last mile internet connectivity.
Bangladesh Bhawan is a symbol of the cultural bonds between India and Bangladesh, the Prime Minister said at the inauguration of Bangladesh Bhawan.
The Prime Minister assured the state government of all possible assistance in dealing with the unprecedented severe flood situation in Kerala.
Yoga is a manual that connects people to life and reconnects mankind to nature.
He effectively listened to the expectations of Karnataka from Delhi.
The message given by Lord Gautama Buddha two and a half thousand years ago is also relevant to the 21st century today.
In the spirit of regional cooperation, India will soon launch the South Asia Satellite.
We have taken a number of decisive steps and put in place governance systems that will help India realise its potential.
They will publish the latest innovation and start-up policy for the Andaman and Nicobar Islands.
The more we depended on people's own leadership, the better the results I experienced.
He added that India Post Payments Bank is the next step in this area.
They shared their views on the long-standing historical and maritime ties between the two countries.
For this, we are strengthening our entire administrative eco-system.
There is no dearth of talented players in the country.
In this regard, he mentioned the issues of doubling farmers' income, development of aspirational districts, Ayushman Bharat, Indradhanush Abhiyan, Poshan Abhiyaan, and preparations for the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi.
The Prime Minister said that the leaders of the two countries discussed combating terrorism and radicalisation.
Once the project is commissioned, the customs administrations of both countries will remain committed to expanding it.
Such crops should be said to be "nutritious and resilient to adverse weather conditions."
The two leaders understood their vision for achieving global security and prosperity.
In January 2016, Kochi was selected as a smart city in the first round of the challenge process.
Best wishes.
Think about it, if all the people in one state start giving such good information, I will ask the government to scrutinize the information that has come in and make propaganda material about which seven things are the same from each state.
I was reading an old interview of Sam Manekshaw, the great military officer of India.
On 31 May, I will visit the India-Singapore Industry and Innovation Expo.
The Prime Minister shared the thoughts of writer Ramvriksh Benipuri and poet Sohanlal Dwivedi to describe the emotions of that time.
It will have various programmes across the country on themes of rural development, welfare of the poor and social justice.
Under this, we offer about 700 annual scholarships for students to study in Sri Lanka and India.
He was an inspiration to activists like me.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today inaugurated the Rasilaben Sewantilal Shah Venus Hospital, a super-speciality state-of-the-art hospital in Surat.
Our common goal is to build a relationship that reflects the priorities of both countries and the strong bonds between our citizens.
India's developmental needs are enormous.
I am happy that so many people from India and abroad have taken out time to attend this conference.
If the world is to develop as a whole, there must be cooperative relations between producers and consumers.
He popularized the tradition of Indian music all over the world.
I am confident that our discussions and decisions today will give a new dimension to our partnership.
Under the Integrated Development of Horticulture and Fruit Farming Scheme, farmers will be supported to restore flood-damaged orchards.
At the same time, he also inaugurated, laid the foundation stone and dedicated various development works in Rae Bareli.
Of course, India is also committed to development in a sustainable and green manner.
But if we do not believe in our own ability and strength, no one will accept it.
Dr. Abdullah expressed Afghanistan's appreciation for India's support for capacity building and infrastructure in Afghanistan.
To address this, we are implementing the Goods and Services Tax Act to create an integrated national market.
The government is also trying to ensure that everyone in the country has their own house by 2022.
The decision to reduce the current income tax rate from 10 per cent to 5 per cent is a bold one.
The Jan Dhan Yojana brought millions of people into the banking system.
Addressing the gathering, the Prime Minister said that development is the only answer to any kind of violence.
Several events are being organised across the country to mark the 150th birth anniversary year of Mahatma Gandhi.
The Prime Minister opined that only those who truly respect women can truly understand the sense of pride behind Swami Vivekananda's address - Brothers and Sisters of America.
Prime Minister Abe and I never miss an opportunity to meet each other.
For this, we have made amendments in the law, which will have far-reaching consequences.
Today, initiatives like "Mudra Yojana," "Start-up India," "Stand-up India" are creating young researchers and young entrepreneurs in the country.
The 10 per cent reservation for economically weaker sections in the open category is a step in the right direction.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that it is noteworthy that the youngest and the senior-most officers are spending a lot of time interacting with each other.
Both sides expressed satisfaction at the long-standing cooperation between Indian and Russian scientists in Antarctica.
The Prime Minister assured him of India's full and constructive support in fulfilling his new responsibilities.
Not just pictures of buildings, not just pictures of natural beauty, but you write some special things about the public life there.
Under the Saubhagya scheme, 100% household electrification in Arunachal Pradesh will be announced by the Prime Minister.
Cooperation in other areas of health with the consent of both countries.
The subcontinent now regards itself as the centre of global economic activity.
This has also saved crores of rupees for the poor and middle class consumers.
According to UNCTAD's Global Investment Reports, India is one of the top FDI destinations in the world.
He said the system is working to ensure that the Kumbh Mela showcases India's glorious history and bright future.
They have lost their lives while serving the nation.
The R & D project aims to suggest solutions for rapid social transformation through the use of science and technology.
The decision will benefit the majority of taxpayers in the country.
"I am happy to know that the people of Tripura celebrate the birth anniversary of Maharaja Bir Bikram Kishore Debbarma Manikya Bahadur with great enthusiasm.
Espinosa outlined his priorities for the upcoming session of the United Nations General Assembly.
Of these, 101 satellites were from the United States, Israel, Switzerland, the Netherlands, Kazakhstan, and the United Arab Emirates.
36 industries have been exempted from the condition of giving environmental 'no objection certificate'.
Condolences to the families of those killed in the attack.
The campaign, conceived by the Prime Minister, is an appeal to citizens to send messages to their brave army personnel through a special video on social media.
I experienced his gracious hospitality during the BRICS Summit in South Africa last year.
In the last few days, the Government of India, in collaboration with five state governments, made a successful effort to bring people together for a clean Ganga.
The Prime Minister said that the youth of India respects Sardar Patel and his contribution to nation building.
Appreciating the various social initiatives of the Dawoodi Bohra community, the Prime Minister said that various efforts are made to improve the quality of life of the poor and needy citizens.
The Prime Minister expressed satisfaction that Anganwadi workers from all over the country have come together to meet him today.
I am happy to share that the State Government has declared 19th June as' Reading Day '.
The Prime Minister expressed happiness that progress has been made in this direction over the years.
Indian women have also played an important, leading role in creating peace.
Indian youth have established themselves in this field, looking to the future and considering ideas outside of Chakori.
Our beloved leader, former Prime Minister of the country Atal Bihari Vajpayee had made it clear that human rights are not a foreign concept to us.
The amount of money deposited by Indians in Swiss banks has fallen to an all-time low.
Pradhan Mantri Krishi Sinchayee Yojana has a dream of providing water to every farm.
As part of this, the government has started training about 1 lakh labourers.
The earth is our mother and we are her children.
This, the Prime Minister said, has led to a huge opportunity for women to earn extra income by reducing cooking time.
Last year, about 3.5 crore people took advantage of this scheme.
My dear countrymen, as always, this time too, I have received a large number of letters, emails, phone calls and feedback from all of you.
In fact, it has become the third largest source of foreign direct investment in the last three years.
Russia expressed interest in participating in the international bidding process when the Ministry of Railways of India decides on a project to increase the speed of the railway.
The Prime Minister said that he will also interact with the BRICS Business Council, which represents the industry of all five BRICS member countries.
In this monsoon session of Parliament, all the members have put together a model agenda.
India is emerging as a hub of start-ups and innovation.
However, rain is expected.
At the same time, Kerala was also the state with the highest percentage of primary education.
I pay my heartfelt tributes to those who lost their lives in the recent earthquake in Aceh.
These peace efforts came from Korea, Cambodia, Laos, Vietnam, Congo, Cyprus, Liberia, Lebanon, Sudan, to name a few.
Action against corruption
In this context, I extend my heartiest congratulations to FSSAI for this initiative.
The French Defence Minister briefed Prime Minister Narendra Modi on the current status of bilateral defence cooperation.
The Prime Minister said that both countries have benefited from economic investment in an unprecedented manner.
The poison of communalism, the poison of communalism, can never do good to the country.
Mentoring the occasion, the Prime Minister said that innovation is going to play an important role in bringing the people of both India and Israel closer to each other.
He said he visited the Wall of Lost Souls, a tsunami memorial, before the event.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has saluted air warriors and their families, on Air Force Day.
He said this instills a sense of trust among the common man, who is the key to a New India.
On 26th January, we celebrated our Republic Day with joy and enthusiasm in every nook and corner of the country.
Keeping in mind the central government's commitment to provide clean drinking water to all, the Prime Minister will perform the Bhoomi Pujan for rural waterways in Bundelkhand.
Sugarcane farmers will be happy to know that the production of ethanol has tripled in our country.
In our country, there is a natural respect for the army, for the security forces.
Today everyone is being associated with this campaign of Fit India.
Sister Nivedita started cleaning drains and roads without taking care of her own health.
At the same time, residential and commercial establishments will be developed in the area, which will help in the development of the area.
The demand for aviation fuel will quadruple by 2040 due to the growth in the aviation sector.
Including Monpa, Memba, Saratang, Sajolong (Mizi) instead of 'Momba' in serial number 9
Therefore, in order to meet the demand for India and the whole world, first of all, 'Make-in-India' is becoming more efficient, stronger for 'Make for India'.
Whenever there is talk of hockey in the world, the story of hockey will be incomplete without these great players of India.
Congratulations to Tejaswini Sawant on winning Gold in the Women's 50m Rifle event.
Germany ranks seventh among countries investing in India.
- Research and training of food industry operators.
Chhath is the festival of worshipping the sun in rivers and lakes.
Thereafter, the Wall of Unity will also be inaugurated by the Prime Minister.
Who knows, maybe it's my words that will help you de-stress.
Speaking at the foundation stone laying ceremony of the Pakuldul project, the Prime Minister said that today is a special day to inaugurate one hydel project and lay the foundation stone of another similar project on the same day.
However, in the House, the umpires are often more disturbed than the players.
In this regard, it was also discussed to monitor the progress on nutrition, especially in the under-performing district.
We have dissolved the Foreign Investment Promotion Board.
I once again bow to Sri Guru Gobind Singh Ji.
I would like you to join in and show these things to children in particular.
Ajit Bajaj and his daughter Diya have become the first Indian father-daughter duo to climb Mount Everest.
The Prime Minister said that the spirit of "cleanliness is our responsibility" should be instilled in everyone.
The central government will immediately send financial assistance of ₹325 crore to meet the needs of Kerala, Tamil Nadu and Lakshadweep.
November 26 is our Constitution Day.
Addressing the gathering, the Prime Minister said that such Upgradation Fairs play a major role in paving the way for the creation of a New India.
The holy month of Ramzan was celebrated with pious fervour across the country.
We have over 300 million middle-class customers.
The Nordic country's initiatives were mentioned in clean technologies, maritime solutions, port modernization, food processing, health, life sciences, and agriculture.
We don't want to spend 10 years just discussing and exchanging ideas when no concrete decisions are being made.
This is the fourth annual summit between Prime Minister Modi and Prime Minister Abe.
I realise that the campaign against fake companies and black money is politically incorrect and harmful to the political party.
They have a unique ability and vision.
Respected Chairman, Many congratulations and best wishes from the Rajya Sabha as well as from the countrymen.
Responding to a question from the team working on creating rural digital entrepreneurs, the Prime Minister said that it is important to build an India where everyone has equal opportunities.
There is a mutual understanding between the ShampleMod Foundation and Prasad Institute, Hyderabad, where the number of foreign patients coming to the ShampleMod Foundation is higher than the number of patients coming from India.
Foreign investment has been invited in this sector.
The Prime Minister said that India does not lack in capability, strength and resources.
Over 100 public services have been made available to citizens through their mobile phones through the UMANG app.
These are indicative of the new direction of economic reforms that India is pursuing.
This makes it clear that international bilateral cooperation is not limited to national capitals but has reached state capitals as well.
First of all, heartiest congratulations to all of you for organizing an international conference on such an important topic as consumer protection.
As an experienced parliamentary worker, she enriched parliamentary work.
He also made it clear that the authorities should set a target to improve the country's tax administration by 2022, the 75th anniversary of independence.
Those are the forces, democracy, division according to population and demand, these forces need to be increased further.
It is a beautiful feature of India that in our culture, spirituality and science are helpful to each other.
The Prime Minister appreciated the close bilateral cooperation in areas such as investment, urban development, skill development, and aviation.
Soares was the architect who established political relations between Portugal and India.
He visited the museum and exhibition, as well as the visitors' gallery.
In Ahmedabad, Gujarat, a new world record was set by about 55,000 people performing yoga at the same time.
I pray for a speedy recovery.
He called for abandoning the "chalta hai" attitude and replacing it with "chalta hai" which means changeable.
He said the government is focused on increasing productivity through faster connectivity.
It is heartening to see Bhupen being honoured with the Bharat Ratna, the highest civilian award. "
The theme of IEF-16 is "The Future of Global Energy Security."
At that time, the national flags of several countries were hoisted there at the same time.
A country whose youth possess these qualities will not only progress in areas such as economy, science, and technology, but will also raise its flag in sports.
My thoughts are with the people of Tamil Nadu in this hour of grief.
It was when I read Savarkar's book 'My Life Imprisonment' that I was inspired to visit the Cellular Jail.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today met members of the Club of Chefs of Presidents from around the world.
I would like to know your thoughts on this current trajectory of the education system and its future. '
I discussed the flood situation with senior officials in Delhi and other states, including Arunachal Pradesh Chief Minister Pema Khandu.
The Prime Minister thanked the Government and people of Madhya Pradesh for taking out the Narmada Seva Yatra.
Secretary Carter briefed the Prime Minister on the implementation of the decisions taken in June this year.
Everyone says this thing, but don't we have any responsibility?
In the last two financial years, we received $55 billion in foreign direct investment.
I consider it an honour to welcome such a friend and a supporter of India.
My dear countrymen, while broadcasting 'Mann Ki Baat', All India Radio also adds new colours to it with its creativity.
He welcomed the various important decisions taken by the Union Government in the last three years, making special mention of demonetisation, the campaign against black money and the control of corruption.
Therefore, I have received many letters related to agriculture.
Our sportspersons have brought laurels to the country in various fields.
To those who want to explore more, I would like to assure you that we are committed to furthering our policies and processes that will accelerate Make in India.
The popularity of organizing all these festivals has increased with the passage of time, which shows that today's young generation is also very much attracted to the heroic heroes of our ancient traditions and histories.
The Prime Minister said that various schemes of the government like Swachh Bharat have given a boost to tourism in the country.
I was informed that in the last two years, Rs. 1.2 crore has been given to the Pani Tax Foundation.
He also explained that apart from the sugar sector, we should also consider globally competitive bamboo products.
That is why yoga is being adopted more and more rapidly all over the world.
His father raises his family by dumping garbage.
Stability and transparent regulation define the way to do business in India.
These brave sons of ours were putting their lives on the line day and night so that the countrymen could sleep peacefully.
Even an ordinary person has a very unique feeling when he visits this place.
Every moment we get some or the other instruction from the saint, sage-sage.
Today, we have many ministers from African countries present here with us.
India will make a substantial contribution to this, he added.
He saw the importance of youth power in nation-building.
The process of obtaining permissions from various agencies has been simplified.
At a public meeting that followed, he flagged off the coach of the Humsafar train and the 900th coach.
My dear countrymen, today when we are discussing about Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose and that is' Mann Ki Baat ', I want to tell you an anecdote related to the life of Netaji.
This holy month of Ramzan will definitely help in taking forward this path of peace, unity and goodwill.
We have also come together to bolster our common efforts at the international level.
It was discussed that this would definitely benefit the students.
Beneficiaries felt relieved by the reduced cost of stents and knee implants.
In this Town Hall event, I got an opportunity to interact with crores of students, their parents and many teachers from across the country and abroad through technology.
Many parts of the country are experiencing pleasant weather due to heavy rains.
This traditional calendar shows how old our relationship with natural and astronomical events is.
"Saddened by the loss of lives due to landslides.
I am thankful to Akbar Saheb.
The themes discussed yesterday were trade, investment, connectivity, youth and cultural exchange.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister informed that more than 65 AYUSH hospitals have been developed in the last three years.
Our mantra is' Sabka Saath, Sabka Vikas'.
Regional multi-partyism through institutions such as the AIIB can play a central role in helping to increase resources.
In such a positive atmosphere, in the backdrop of a series of positive events, today we are celebrating the country's Independence Day.
The National War Memorial consists of a central pillar, the Akshaya Jyoti, and 6 bronze paintings depicting famous battles fought by the Indian Army, Air Force, and Navy.
Under this programme, about 1 crore new connections have been provided in just seven months.
Similar corrections have been made with a view to obtaining an early warning of a cyclone.
I am happy that India and Brazil have finalised the draft Bilateral Investment Treaty.
Similarly, Gurudev Rabindranath Tagore's teachings are equally important for Bangladesh and India, he added.
The Prime Minister is in constant touch with the Chief Minister of Kerala to review the situation in the flood affected areas, as well as relief and rehabilitation work.
We salute the will and determination of all individuals and organisations who strive to protect the environment.
On the contrary, the Prime Minister said that if one cleanses one's surroundings, one gets new energy and never surrenders to unclean surroundings thereafter.
"Army Day greetings to all soldiers and their families.
Unusual because both Swati and Nidhi's husbands were martyred while serving Mother India.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and the Prime Minister of Portugal, António Costa, jointly visited the Champlimod Foundation in Lisbon.
The Prime Minister congratulated Dhanwantari on his birth anniversary being celebrated as Ayurveda Day.
The Prime Minister said, "On this day in 2001, we salute the valour of those martyred in the dastardly attack on our Parliament.
He said that the Inamdar adopted this principle and his life is a source of inspiration.
Diversity calls for celebration, not contradiction.
Kochi Metro Rail Limited is a joint venture between the Government of India and the Government of Kerala.
The Prime Minister said that the Constitution is a guide for us.
Space technology will be useful in the lives of the people of our region.
The expectation of the country at this time, the feeling of doing something, is natural.
India has always been an inspiration to others in terms of intellectual ability and adventure.
Driven by the courage and determination of 125 crore countrymen, this yajna of purity will play an important role in shaping the direction of the country for many years to come.
We need to be more aware of the danger plastic poses to humans.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has paid tributes to Bhagwan Birsa Munda on his Jayanti.
The Prime Minister said that through the Pradhan Mantri Fasal Bima Yojana, the premium has been reduced, the cap on insurance has been removed, and the amount of claims given to farmers has increased.
This is his third Super Series Premier title after Indonesia Open and Australia Open.
He said that about 17,000 villages have recently achieved this target.
The special campaign was launched keeping the youth in mind.
The Prime Minister opined that in the agriculture sector too, there is a need to develop a new culture by incorporating technology for the benefit of farmers.
Everyone should have a dream for the next Olympics.
Lokmanya Tilak was like an ocean of courage and self-confidence.
We also decided to send 100 youths to each other's country every year for science-related educational activities.
As part of this network, various universities will be able to focus on multisectoral research on the issues of disasters most associated with them.
India has won independence by having great warriors like him.
Your love is a blessing.
The UAE will be able to leverage itself with our cooperation in the manufacturing and services sector.
During the interaction, the Prime Minister urged the award-winning teachers to increase interaction among communities and make them an integral part of school development.
His visionary policies in diverse fields reshaped the lives of every Indian citizen.
The government has also advised banks to increase the threshold limit for small businesses from 20 per cent to 25 per cent.
The Prime Minister said that work is going on at a rapid pace to connect the entire Northeast with the country, both in terms of infrastructure and emotionally.
Sister Nivedita and scientist Jagadish Chandra Basu are fine examples of this.
The AMRUT campaign also covers 33 cities in Tamil Nadu.
If you compare the effects of hurricanes between 1999 and 2013, you'll get an idea of the progress we've made in this direction.
- Training and exchange of medical doctors, officials, other health professionals and specialists.
The Prime Minister said that positive news holds special significance for building a prosperous and progressive nation.
Even today, a Japanese colony has been declared.
He expressed happiness that the Bhajan Vaishnava Jana To, which was very dear to Bapuji, was performed by artists from 150 countries all over the world.
The new Magenta Line of the Delhi Metro will be inaugurated by Prime Minister Narendra Modi on 25 December.
The government and people of Japan have shown great love for me and my country.
We have taken an important step out of the shackles to make world-class universities in the field of education.
What suffering those obsessed with freedom must have endured.
For this, the scope of law colleges in India needs to be expanded.
26 Russia invited India to invest in the Russian Far Eastern Region.
You may well remember that for the last few months, a fleet of six women officers of the Navy had been sailing.
A portal for coordination and monitoring of development works at the district level will also be launched on the occasion.
My dear countrymen, greetings to all of you.
The policy envisages making cities travel-oriented by reducing their dependence on transport.
There will be countless events.
Solar energy is now becoming popular in India, Modi added.
He hoped that people should make efforts to know the history and archaeological traditions of their cities, villages and regions.
My first two engagements will be at the Sabarmati Ashram.
Replying to a question on climate change, he reiterated India's value of conserving and nurturing nature.
You will be happy to know that this award for best policy making is on par with the Oscars in that field.
I have been saying that this 21st century is Asia's century.
Addressing the gathering, the Prime Minister said that this conference is a new beginning in the public sector.
You are the leader of a great nation.
Similarly, when we are getting stronger as a country, we treat everyone in a peaceful way.
Under the Ayushman Bharat scheme, the government of India and insurance companies will contribute five lakh rupees in a year for the treatment of about 10 crore families, that is, about 50 crore citizens.
He said that these awards reflect the priority of the government.
I look forward to many such spectacular successes.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has made arrangements for the safety of people stranded in adverse weather conditions due to Cyclone Vardah.
All the best for today's match.
His father is a labourer while his mother works as a fish seller.
Children should be accustomed to going uphill rather than uphill.
This is my first visit to Indonesia as Prime Minister.
I extend my best wishes and congratulations to all the team of the Ecological Protection Organization and the people of Chandrapur.
The electricity required for the memorial will be from solar power.
He interacted with the people who have resolved to make Panand a free village.
He said that the campaign launched by the Central Government against black money was a very bold step.
After reading the full story, I realized that it was a story about how our youth today use technology smartly and creatively and try to transform the lives of the common man.
There is also a provision to take the company's name out of the Registrar of Companies after the balance of TSPL's dues are settled.
India has also given many great players to hockey.
I am confident that the business partnership that the two countries have built, surpassing others, will be further strengthened and our business engagement will gain momentum.
The delegation supported the Prime Minister's resolve to make India a five trillion dollar economy in the future.
It is in the interest of producers that other economies grow vigorously and rapidly.
The Prime Minister invited Kazakhstan to become a member of the International Solar Alliance.
When building these facilities, we should take care to build them based on the best standards that have been set globally to protect against disasters.
Grandparents, parents, son and daughter - all three generations should perform yoga together and upload photos of it.
Now is the time to debate and discuss it, to find new ways out of it.
Public sector undertakings have contributed significantly to nation-building and the country's economy since post-independence.
In today's time, connectivity is essential for development.
We are also partners in the skill development effort in South Africa.
The current world is threatened by two challenges: terrorism and climate change.
The Essel Group has looked at how their potential will continue to grow as they take the new generation forward while nurturing Indian traditions and nurturing family values.
Plastic has become a source of pollution and a part of our food chain.
The Prime Minister said that the goal remains to double the income of farmers and make the lives of farmers easier.
President Ghani expressed his condolences to the families of the martyred soldiers.
I wish to see a similar reading and library 'movement' all over the country.
Modi said the central government is strictly implementing the Forest Rights Act keeping in mind the interests of the tribal people.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister expressed confidence that the Centre will play an important role in spreading Dr. Ambedkar's teachings and his vision for the country to today's youth.
Now people are positive about embracing digital transactions as well.
He said the Goods and Services Tax is an example of a cooperative federal structure.
If we remain vigilant, we will be able to save our children from going down that road of violence and oppression again.
A lot of things are cheaper because there are no agents.
About one to one and a half lakh knee transplant surgeries take place in the country every year.
Your Excellency, Prime Minister Mark Rutte,
His contribution to both India and the UAE is very valuable.
The people-to-people contacts and exchanges between our two countries are a strong foundation of our friendship.
The nation will never forget the sacrifices of the freedom fighters.
We have removed bottlenecks and significantly improved the average rate of implementation in these areas.
He added that the government provides training, financial assistance, and opportunities to increase the movement of self-help groups.
Creating a conducive business environment and attracting investments are my top priorities.
The entire nation salutes the indomitable courage of Meenaji, the wife of Shaheed Prasanna Sahu of Jagatsinghpur, Odisha.
The price of cooking gas is also determined by the market.
As a result, more and more Indians began to have the opportunity to hoist their national flags.
The world is committed to a climate change programme based on the COP-21 agreement.
Toda, a small nomadic community in remote areas on the Nilgiri Plateau in South India, are traditionally settled with locally available goods.
India's biggest tax reform, the GST, was recently implemented.
We believe that the public is our key partner for responsive, coordinated, and inclusive solutions.
We know how to bring the fruits of development and prosperity to the common man.
Just two days ago, I wrote a letter to all the leaders and governments of the world.
My personal meetings with Japan's leadership, government, industry, and Japanese citizens go back almost a decade now.
It was very sad to see the plight of the people affected by this earthquake.
The Prime Minister said that it is very important for us to be proud of India's history and rich archaeological traditions.
May the blessings of the mighty Himalayas always be upon you.
The Prime Minister also stressed the importance of Farmer Producer Organizations.
Let us join hands more vigorously and closely.
Today, I will also have the opportunity to meet people of Indian origin living in the Netherlands.
The Prime Minister said that defence cooperation is a key pillar of cooperation between India and Japan.
We have excellent cooperation and coordination in many forums like BRICS, G20, Indian Ocean Rim Association, IBSA.
He expressed happiness that the state is also organizing investor conferences now.
The equation of Made in India and Made by Japan is actually starting to work well.
Over the past twenty years, more than eight hundred and fifty thousand people have been killed in disasters in the Asia-Pacific region.
Emphasizing the importance of protecting nature, the Prime Minister said that the loss of interest to future generations due to environmental degradation is a crime.
This is her true strength and the aspirations of the people are being fulfilled at a fast pace.
Design mechanisms for dialogue, exchange of best practices, new initiatives for capacity building, and joint missions can be undertaken with mutual interest in mind.
India and Russia respect the establishment of a multi-polar world order in international relations as a reflection of the natural and inevitable process of interstate relations in the 21st century.
Our government has a policy of taking action without confining things to mere rules and regulations.
He also said that he himself visited North East India 25 times in the next four years.
With this new tradition of public participation for our country, it is our effort to take the country forward with public participation.
Modi said that the work culture of our government is to find permanent answers to every question and make the country progress towards sustainable development.
Today, India is the fastest growing large economy in the world.
I express my special gratitude to the administration, government and people of these five states for completing this task.
We must support such initiatives and leadership through policies and practices.
My dear countrymen, on the coming 4th of November, we will all celebrate Guru Nanak Jayanti.
He said that the central government is taking it for national interest and not for political gains.
As friendly democracies, India and the Republic of Korea share the same values and viewpoints on regional and global peace.
The Prime Minister offered special prayers at the foot of the Statue of Unity.
It has become the world's main growth engine.
The two leaders underscored the importance of reforming multilateral economic and political institutions to respond to the needs of developing countries.
The girls here are today sewing simple clothes and festive wear along with the clothes of themselves and their families.
Let us all pledge to rid India of poverty, filth, corruption, terrorism, casteism, communalism and create the "New India" of our dreams by 2022.
Dear countrymen, 1st February 2017 marks the completion of forty years of the Indian Coast Guard.
Towards this end, a National Travel Oriented Development Policy was released by the Government of India in April 2017.
This monsoon session of Parliament will forever be remembered as a session of social justice and youth welfare.
The Prime Minister said that the Union Government is laying great emphasis on the development of waterways.
Mahatma Gandhi's thoughts inspired the whole world.
For salt, bottled water, and tap water, plastic with a very small disintegrating factor is also used.
Several Union Ministers and other dignitaries were present on the occasion.
