President Temer’s visit provides an important occasion to work on a roadmap to achieve this.
The Prime Minister described the Paris Climate agreement as a shared heritage of the whole world, and this generation’s contribution to the hope of future generations of mankind.
He said big sums of money that is locked up in these cases, could have been used for the welfare of the poor.
The Prime Minister said that the last few years have marked a golden period in relations between the two countries.
Brothers and sisters, in this year’s budget a big decision has been taken to ensure that farmers get a fair price for their produce.
We are proud to be the global host for World Environment Day, 2018.
He will release a document highlighting the achievements of the Government.
Shri Modi said that the young athletes should inspire youngsters in their schools and villages to take up sports.
Prime Minister congratulated the people of Indore for taking the mission of Swacchh Bharat forward.
But, when we mention Ganesh Utsav, it is natural to remember Lokmanya Tilak ji.
“On the special occasion of their Statehood Day, greetings to the people of Meghalaya.
He thanked all the people who had property around the temple, and have allowed its acquisition for the project.
At present there are 45 lakh Self Help Groups with active participation of around five crore women all over rural India.
Increase in maternity leave is a welcome provision.
I am delighted that younger generation is taking interest in knowing about our history, about our freedom fighters and about those who made sacrifices for the country.
We have shaped an ambitious roadmap of engagement to make our comprehensive strategic partnership purposeful and action oriented.
We agreed to sustain the momentum of our relations in key areas, including energy and investments.
The Prime Minister said that besides the National War Memorial, the National Police Memorial has also been established.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, on Thursday reviewed progress of key infrastructure sectors including PMGSY, housing, coal and power.
He urged the members to raise awareness among the community about their rights.
They were able to include almost all aspects of Hinduism in only 11 volumes.
Foreign Direct Investment in India was at the highest level in 2015-16, at a time when global FDI has fallen.
I wish to congratulate all players who have won medals for the country.
PM inaugurated the first phase of River Front Development at Patna .
Specially, in the context of serving trees, they prefer laying down their lives but cannot tolerate any harm to a single tree.
I am looking forward to meeting the political leaders and friends in Nepal.
India’s economic interests shall be better served by a higher number of arbitration experts and lawyers.
Progress of important projects in the roads and railways sectors, such as the Eastern Peripheral Expressway, Char Dham Project, the Quazigund-Banihal Tunnel, the Chenab railway bridge, and the Jiribam-Imphal project was also reviewed.
Recently, the Government of India has standardized the specifications for rolling stock and signalling systems of metro rail.
You can also act as a major catalyst in promoting the tourism of our country by utilizing the time from this October to March.
He said that the huge reduction in piracy in the Indian Ocean, is due, to a large extent, to the military might of India, and our international partnerships.
Prime Minister exchange views with the delegation members on the bilateral partnership and other issues of mutual interest.
Today, I’m saying it with pride that it was collective efforts that made the ‘Swachch Bharat Mission’ a successful campaign.
In many parts of the country, our youth and farmers demonstrated their bravery whilst standing up against the injustice.
The Prime Minister said Seva Bhav is a part of our culture.
The Prime Minister said that India should showcase its great heritage with pride and confidence, to the world.
In case of a fast track procedure, such award can be given in 6 months.
He was a stalwart loved and respected across all sections of society, he added.
During their meeting, Prime Minister extended a warm welcome to President Mirziyoyev and his delegation to Gujarat.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today addressed the Y4D New India Conclave in New Delhi.
India is also rapidly progressing on the Global Innovation Index, Global Logistics Index and Global Competitiveness Index.
He added that the Quit India Movement that began in 1942, was a decisive movement.
These amendments have brought our arbitration process in tune with global best practices.
He later addressed a large gathering at the function to dedicate Kochi Metro to the nation.
Under our scheme, our fellow villagers will get loan from the government, grant, and subsidy.
He noted that the Union Government as well as all State Governments would be keen to popularize sports.
This has hampered growth in inter-state commerce.
India has achieved a rating upgrade after a long wait.
He congratulated the people of India on the occasion, and said that the bullet train project will provide speed and progress, and deliver results quickly.
Last year in November, India organized the first-ever South Asian Annual Disaster Management Exercise.
He was appointed as a Permanent Judge of the Gauhati High Court on 28th February, 2001.
His demise is anguishing.
India is one of the most investor-friendly economies in the world.
We have launched the Ujjwala programme to provide fifty million families with access to cooking gas.
He mentioned the work being done towards modernization of transport infrastructure.
PM laid the foundation stone of a six-lane bridge over mighty river Brahmaputra.
PM summed up his address, saying these efforts of the foundation showcase the importance of transition of ‘I’ to ‘We’, when we rise above ourselves and think about society.
He said this spirit brings about a positive change, and engenders a sense of responsibility.
The airport has been retrofitted and new terminal constructed for making it fit for commercial operations under UDAN scheme.
The Sides noted the importance of cooperation in the area of transport education, personnel training and scientific support in the implementation of international transport corridors.
I am delighted to visit this great country once again.
This payment was ensured through sugar mills to farmers.
These are also our values.
As we have done so, we continued to remain one of the fastest growing major Economies in the world.
The Prime Minister spoke at length about how the Union Government is working for the welfare of the farmers.
The Prime Minister said that the Government is working to ensure that adequate Agriculture Credit is available.
You may recall that even, in the recent Asian Games, India’s performance was par excellence.
ii) Drug Regulation and Pharmaceutical quality control;
The demand to confer constitutional status on the OBC Commission had existed for years.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has wished people on World Health Day.
He called upon all present, to work towards 100 percent sanitation coverage by October 2, 2019, the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi.
As close neighbours, our relationship spreads across many layers.
If we talk of 2017-18, 55 percent of the total outlay of Rupees 64 thousand crores, which comes to around rupees 35 thousand crores, has been spent on works like water conservation.
After Independence, for the first time ever, the tricolor was hoisted at Red Fort on the 75th anniversary of the formation of the Azad Hind Government.
We aim to provide every poor and homeless household a house with toilet, water and electricity by the year 2022.
Through Mahila Kisan Sashaktikaran Pariyojna, training has been given to over 33 lakh women farmers.
Obviously, a lot of effort will converge to make this a popular activity.
The Prime Minister noted that the freedom struggle became a mass movement due to the visionary efforts of Mahatma Gandhi.
He said that just as Sardar Patel had ensured political integration of the country, GST would ensure economic integration.
Constant efforts to belittle our culture and make us feel inferior were on.
Heartiest congratulations, Beti Shivangi.
Thousands of children made paintings.
I am happy to be part of the inauguration ceremony of Kochi Metro.
In this context, he also recalled his meeting with the High Commissioner of India to Sri Lanka today morning.
My dear countrymen, Navratras are going on.
Under Pradhan Mantri Awaas Yojana, remarkable progress has been achieved in rural areas.
In 2016, Akshaya Patra commemorated the serving of 2 billion cumulative meals in the presence of the then President of India, Pranab Mukherjee.
We have used technology to reach out to people.
Prime Minister Costa himself is a big football fan.
The two leaders will deliver statements to the media.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated Mariyappan Thangavelu on winning gold and Varun Singh Bhati for the bronze at the Rio 2016 Paralympics.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that we should think about how research can help our farmers.
May all your dreams come true, my best wishes to you.
Similarly, you can see that presently efforts are afoot and discussions are being held about simultaneously holding the elections for Lok Sabha and for state assemblies.
We now have electricity in every village.
According to the Bank of International Settlements, India is less vulnerable to banking distress among the major economies.
10 days ago, Mother India had to bear the loss of many of her valiant sons.
This is the true spirit of women empowerment all over the country.
He complimented the Ministry of AYUSH for the establishment of the All India Institute of Ayurveda.
The successful launch of the South Asia Satellite marks the fulfilment of that.
In the last two years – 2014-2016, we facilitated the repatriation of over ninety thousand Indian nationals from nearly 54 countries.
Your Highness, I warmly recall our earlier meetings in August 2015, and in February last year.
We have set a target to construct capacity of 175 Giga Watt of renewable energy by the year 2022.
It aims to create compact walkable communities and bring public transport closer to transit.
Further, as per the new law, any application challenging the award is to be disposed off by the Court within one year.
He will witness the e-Gruh Pravesh of 240 beneficiary families.
The Prime Minister recalled Dr. Ambedkar’s words, that we should make our political democracy, a social democracy as well.
I am happy to be a part of this august gathering of global leaders and decision makers of the food processing sector.
These brave hearts made the supreme sacrifice in securing the lives of a hundred & twenty five crore Indians.
They agreed that this phenomenon presented the single biggest threat to peace, stability and progress in the region and beyond.
This could form another link to further connect our societies.
Addressing an enthusiastic gathering on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that the atmosphere at Motihari today, evokes the same spirit of mass movement, that marked the Champaran Satyagraha, a century ago.
In the digital infrastructure sector, 2187 mobile towers have been installed in districts affected by Left Wing Extremists, in 2016-17.
• Its footprint that extends all over South Asia.
Through the course of the day, the Prime Minister held separate, detailed review meetings on the situation in the States of Assam, Arunachal Pradesh, Manipur and Nagaland.
The PM-SYM along with the health coverage provided under ‘Ayushman Bharat’ and life & disability coverage provided under ‘Pradhan Mantri Jeevan Jyoti Bima Yojana’ and ‘Pradhan Mantri Suraksha Bima Yojana, will ensure comprehensive social security coverage for the workers in the unorganized sector at their old age.
I am aware that the Government of Sri Lanka is taking active steps to improve your living conditions, including a 5-year National Plan of Action.
17. Proposed to expand basket of vaccines to all the states.
Seven of the top ten countries in the world in terms of number of deaths due to disasters are in the Asia-Pacific.
59. The Sides reiterated their commitment to further strengthen global non-proliferation.
The Prime Minister called for efforts towards water conservation and water management on a war footing.
The Suraksha Bima Yojana provides risk insurance to millions who need it the most.
This year, Neelakurinji is in full bloom on the hills of Southern Nilgiri like the Ashok Chakra (the wheel of Ashoka) in the Tricolour on our Independence Day.
14. Security of the country is our priority.
He said it is also the responsibility of this gathering to make all efforts to fulfil them.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today addressed the Centenary Celebrations of Patna University.
He said India is today the fastest growing major economy.
He said that on the lines of the 115 aspirational districts identified by NITI Aayog, States can define their own parameters to identify 20 percent of the total blocks in the State as aspirational blocks.
Her game makes all of us very proud.
Peoples’ power is, in a way, considered to be a divine incarnation.
She brought the people together by infusing a sense of national-awakening.
Narendra Modi during the interaction said that Deendayal Antyodaya Yojana- National Rural Livelihood Mission has been started in all states.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister expressed confidence that we will not ignore or forget the heritage that we have been historically proud of.
The dedication of these doctor friends engaged in selfless service is truly worthy of praise.
He also appealed to NRI community to motivate at least five foreign families to visit India every year for Bharat Darshan.
I congratulate the Finance Minister Arun Jaitley Jee for presenting an excellent Budget.
26 islands have been listed for holistic development.
Prime Minister appreciated the contribution made by Secretary Carter in strengthening the defence cooperation between India and the United States.
Whether it is thousands of feet high mountains of Himalaya or be it desert area singed by sunlight, Yoga is flourishing the life in every situation.
In the course of the day, the Prime Minister interacted with people in Kavaratti, and Kanyakumari.
We recognize the need for urgent measures to counter and prevent the spread of terrorism, violent extremism and radicalization.
India has no dearth of brilliant lawyers and judges.
For mapping risks related to hazards such as earthquakes we have widely accepted standards and parameters.
This is a new avenue opened by the government for you people.
The requirement of road, rail and waterways is enormous.
Ujjwala Yojna for Clean Energy, Swacch Bharat Abhiyaan for health and hygiene, Jan-Dhan Yojna for Financial Inclusion reflect this spirit.
Oil ministers from developing countries know the sensitivity of energy pricing.
Speaking about the progress towards this resolve, the Prime Minister said that more than 11 crore soil health cards have been distributed so far.
The Prime Minister stressed on providing maximum benefit to the poor and marginalized sections of society, under this scheme.
The Prime Minister urged the sportspersons to remember, and keep in touch with the various Gurus, mentors and teachers, who have guided them right from childhood.
She gave utmost importance to education and social reform.
The Act East policy of my government puts this region at the centre of our engagement.
The Prime Minister also appreciated the progress in defence technology cooperation between the two countries.
What you say is right.
Bilateral meetings with participating countries on the sidelines of BRICS meetings are also planned.
Raising the issue of black money at the world stage
Over the past two and a half years, more than Rs. 1.25 lakh crore of black money has been brought into the open.
He added that Vietnam is a key pillar of India’s “Act East” policy.
Ekta has won the gold and bronze medals in World Para Athletics Grand Prix 2018 held in Tunisia.
During a match in Kolkata one player from the opposite team hit him on the head with the hockey stick.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the loss of lives due to bus accident in Mandya, Karnataka.
On the previous three International Yoga Days, people in our country and people all over the world participated with great zeal and enthusiasm.
On this environment day, let all of us give it a good thought as to what can we do to make our planet cleaner and greener?
This decision will enable better access to credit for small shop-owners and small enterprises.
It is India’s youth that is taking the Swachh Bharat Mission to new heights, the Prime Minister said.
Package of twelve services including free universal screening for common NCDs.
More than 90 percent of the FDI approvals have been put on automatic route.
There was appreciation for India’s economic reform agenda, including GST.
Yoga brings about peace in this modern fast paced life by combining the body, mind, spirit and soul.
We are also looking at various strategies for effective waste management.
The wave of love and faith that spread across the nation is an indicator of his great personality.
The MoU will help in strengthening bilateral cooperation between the two countries.
While the global economy is going through a period of uncertainty, India has shown tremendous resilience.
Our armed forces have consistently displayed unparalleled courage and valour.
In our effort to build disaster resilience, we stand shoulder to shoulder with all the nations of the region.
Six labour laws and three environmental laws have been changed so that young entrepreneurs need to provide only self-certification.
The Sides noted the importance of expansion of collaboration in aluminium sector.
The Prime Minister said that the effort is to undertake development work while preserving the environment and local culture.
Even people have started exchanging Khadi items as gifts.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today addressed the nation from the ramparts of the Red Fort on the 71st Independence Day.
At a public meeting, the Prime Minister will unveil a plaque to mark the laying of Foundation Stone of the Rail Coach Refurbishing Karkhana, Sonepat.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi, has approved Measures to promote Hydro Power Sector.
Later, in 1945, when the Freedom Struggle gained momentum, he prepared an amended copy of those ideas.
The Government and people of India are with you in your journey towards peace and greater prosperity.
The Union Government had decided to celebrate 7th March 2019 as ‘Jan Aushadhi Diwas’ across India, for creating awareness and providing impetus onthe use of generic medicines.
Best wishes and blessings to Hanaya.
Your doing so will go a long way in building a New India.
The Prime Minister also said that Yoga can help in improving concentration.
As popular business hubs, they also rank high in the levels of Ease of Doing Business.
The Prime Minister also reviewed the progress of the Smart Cities Mission.
• Solar Photo-Voltaic energy has become economical compared to all other energy sources.
Besides, the government’s thinking would also be reflected.
He was the first Indian who set on a global voyage in a small boat without any modern technology.
Even this year, we should try to organize ‘Run for Unity’ in our village, town, city or metropolis.
The Air Force also retaliated befittingly in 1965 too.
Our past has always been harmoniously inter-woven.
New India is not possible without a New Tamil Nadu.
This is the power of our tourism.
Interacting informally with the Prime Minister, they shared their vision of a prosperous, corruption-free India.
If a family itself continues to demoralise a child in the family and if that family expects that the kid will be respected in the locality then it is not possible.
Thus, he brought our beloved tricolor closer to the commonman.
Fifty cities in India are ready to implement metro rail projects.
I pray for a speedy recovery of all those injured due to the train accident.
We can protect ourselves from several diseases in addition to having a good heath if we daily practice the poses and breathing exercise of Yoga.
Attempts were even made to reduce the faith that Indians had on them, he added.
ShrimanGurbachan Singh ji’s family has presented one such example before us.
In course of the conversation today the Prime Minister explained India’s policies in the areas of climate change and environmental sustainability.
He said almost all villages along the banks of the River Ganga have now become open defecation free.
We are now in the information age.
He said the brand of Amul is known globally, and has become an inspiration worldwide.
We seek peace and prosperity for all.
The MoU was signed in May 2017 during the visit of the Palestinian Minister of Foreign Affairs to India.
Moreover, these mile-stones have been achieved even before some of the major recent reforms.
Friends, strengthening of our emotional bonds will also strengthen our shared cultural and trade heritage.
Homi Bhabha Cancer Hospital Lehartara will also be inaugurated by PM.
She helped publication of Basu’s research and publicity through her articles and conferences.
Together, they contribute to creating a more interconnected and diverse world.
India and Japan are ancient civilizations and vibrant democracies.
There are daunting challenges ahead.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, on Wednesday met and interacted with a group of over 80 Additional Secretaries and Joint Secretaries serving in the Government of India.
I see great untapped potential in this for investors.
The Prime Minister said the common man could relate to Adi Shankara’s composition – Soundarya Lahari.
He underlined the fact that the project got final sanction in January 2015 and now it has seen the light of the day.
Strong people-to-people contacts and the presence of a large Indian Diaspora in Canada provide a strong foundation for the relationship.
Yoga helps to maintain balance amidst this disintegration.
He added that Mahatma Gandhi had merged the streams of Jan Bhagidari (public participation) and Jan Andolan (mass movement).
Both sides aim to establish the basis for a cooperative institutional relationship to encourage and promote technical bilateral cooperation on new and renewable issues on the basis of mutual benefit equality and reciprocity.
He said the cooperative movement can play a key role in the achievement of these objectives.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex post-facto approval to the MoU between India and Singapore on cooperation in the field of urban planning and development.
He expressed confidence that through Scientific Approach, Technological Innovations, and Research and Development the graduating students would play an active role in turning agriculture into a profitable profession.
The Prime Minister said that today, the farmer buys in retail, but sells in wholesale.
India contributes over six per cent of global fish production.
They gave due priority and importance to each single drop of water.
50 health and wellness centers in Arunachal Pradesh will be inaugurated by PM .
“Congratulations to Donald Trump on assuming office as US President.
Dedicated Freight Corridors are being developed to mitigate the congestion of our railway network.
The review meeting, which lasted for nearly two hours, was attended by top officials from infrastructure-related Ministries, NITI Aayog, and PMO.
The Prime Minister emphasized on the shared values between India and Japan.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has wished the citizens on National Voters’ Day.
In his maiden attempt, he cracked the Entrance exam for MBBS at AIIMS, Jodhpur.
They are currently touring different parts of India as part of the initiative “Watan Ko Jaano.”
71 countries, including India, participated therein.
A number of conventions and seminarshave been organised on various topics.
The Prime Minister later flagged off the “Run For Unity” from Major Dhyan Chand National Stadium.
We will work towards a qualitatively higher level of military-to-military cooperation.
We now experience how something grows naturally.
Water that belongs to India cannot be allowed to go to Pakistan, he added.
She was so impressed by Swami Vivekanand that she renounced her happy- prosperous life and dedicated herself to the service of the poor.
India and Russia pledged to cooperate with each other to achieve these goals.
It is considered an occasion to worship Vidya, knowledge.
Praising the Bohra community, PM Modi said that it is his good fortune to have received the affection of Bohra community.
I assure you of all possible support from the Government.
The Prime Minister spoke of Mahatma Gandhi’s commitment to Swachhta.
Not only me, whole India and whole South Africa is eager to listen to the thoughts of the Hon’ble President.
The Prime Minister said that as many as three lakh companies have come under the scanner, in the course of inspecting the data mined after demonetization.
The Prime Minister gave an overview of reforms undertaken in India in the recent past.
Today is the 9thof August.
“Successful test firing of Agni V makes every Indian very proud.
And brothers and sisters, we cannot forget that these great men are indispensable part of our country’s history.
As the world’s most populous Muslim nation Indonesia stands for democracy, diversity, pluralism, and social harmony.
Thirdly, he sought the role of private participation in the distribution of gas sector.
Your generation also faced relentless hardships.
While new laws have been formulated, older laws have been made more stringent now.
Prime Minister Modi will dedicate first new Bhabhatron with precision technology (Multi Leaf Collimator), to the nation.
“We are really proud of the victory of Kidambi Srikanth in the Australian Open.
He urged the students to think about innovative solutions to the problems faced by people.
Friends, Yoga has shown the path of wellness to the world from the path of illness.
But someone has to take such tough decisions for the sake of the country.
PM will inaugurate Hollong Modular Gas Processing Plant in Tinsukia, Assam.
He stressed on women empowerment and respect for women.
President Xi and I will exchange views on a range of issues of bilateral and global importance.
The sagacity of conserving rivers and water is inherently reflected in many of our festivals.
Both these places attract a large number of pilgrims every year.
The Prime Minister also met representatives of the Ceylon Workers Congress, and the Tamil Progressive Alliance.
Now, we are a globally integrated economy.
This is the identity of your Dynamic Course and the Credibility of Examinations.
Addressing the large and enthusiastic gathering, the Prime Minister said he is witnessing first-hand, how Rajasthan welcomes visitors.
“Extremely proud of our youngsters!
Our foreign exchange reserves of more than 400 billion US dollars provide us enough cushion.
Record growth in last two and a half years
I strongly condemn the violence and urge everyone to maintain peace.
I believe that reading and knowledge should not be limited only to work related aspects.
He released a postal stamp on “Ramayana,” on this occasion.
He urged the children to ensure that the adulation and fame that they are getting, should not become an obstacle to their future progress.
Under this scheme, over 10 crore families will be provided health assurance worth Rs. 5 lakh each, every year.
He had laid the foundation stone of this Institute in April 2015.
All these great men travelled widely in India.
He described the Prime Minister as a great leader and a “world leader.”
He also spoke of the benefits that the other development projects launched today would bring about.
Lower labour costs, large domestic market and macro-economic stability combine to make India a very attractive investment destination.
The very name of Shastriji evokes a feeling of eternal faith in the hearts of us, Indians.
Our partnership will also extend to combating terrorism, organized crime, drugs and human trafficking.
He said the Union Government is committed to fulfilling all its missions and resolves, with the help of the people.
India remembers our brave soldiers who fought in WW-1.
He also said that our Armed Forces conduct an average of ten big joint exercises with Armed Forces of friendly countries, every year.
Regular practice of Yoga has a direct bearing on the medical expenses of any family.
I believe that the discussions at this forumwill go a long way in benefitting the world citizens in accessingclean, affordable and sustainable energy.
He said that from conventional teaching, our universities need to move towards innovative learning.
Investors look for growth and macro-economic stability.
All of us pay tributes to the martyrs who sacrificed their lives for the motherland, by observing silence for 2 minutes at 11 am on 30th January.
“On World Toilet Day we reaffirm our commitment towards improving sanitation facilities across our nation.
Events related to sanitation and renewable energy shall be the focus of the Prime Minister’s engagements on Gandhi Jayanti.
Cyprus and India enjoy close economic ties.
In modern times more than one hundred and thirty thousand Indian soldiers sacrificed their lives in World Wars in the last century.
I appealed to people to give a book instead of bouquet as a greeting.
I can see a number of Bal Kanahiyas here.
Both Sides noted recent investments by Indian companies in the diamond manufacturing in the Russian Far East.
The Prime Minister responded at length to various questions raised by the delegation members.
The Prime Minister tweeted that the Centre has assured all support to the Bihar government to mitigate the flood situation and that the situation is being monitored closely.
He made it clear that the Government will be adding more number of seats in the educational institutions to ensure that the other category students will not be affected.
I would particularly urge my young friends to join tomorrow’s interaction.
Prime Minister will then proceed to Odisha.
Continued availability of water for agriculture is of importance.
Arbitration proceedings will now become faster as the Arbitration law has been amended.
He said this would be a tribute to Mahatma Gandhi on his 150th birth anniversary in 2019.
This Act will play an effective role in curbing crimes against women and girls.
This too was an act of valour on part of our soldiers on the path to peace.
But it is not a test of your life.
57 Teams of NDRF involving about 1300 personnel and 435 Boats are deployed for search and rescue operations.
Setting up of the JWG on Counter Terrorism by India and Morocco would help cases relating to terrorist attacks.
The Prime Minister called for faster progress in electronic toll collection.
Recently 30 nano satellites were launched.”
Just a few days ago, in the Junior Under-20 World Athletics Championship in Finland, India’s brave daughter and a farmer daughter Hima Das made history by winning the gold medal in the 400-meter race event.
The Prime Minister said that he wishes to caution the country that certain forces are trying to put undue pressure on the judiciary.
The Defense Research & Development Organization (DRDO) has prepared this memorial in a very short span of time.
Prime Minister Modi and President Xi reviewed developments in India-China relations from the strategic and long-term perspective.
We have a strong, investment friendly policy framework in place to boost domestic hydrocarbon production.
I will also address the Indian Community in Indonesia.
The Indian Side conveyed its intention to increase import of fertilizers from Russia.
He mentioned his visit to the Cellular Jail, and the point where Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose had hoisted the tricolour 75 years ago.
Skill India aims to ensure that new entrants to the work force have the necessary skills to contribute to the economy of the 21st century.
Ayushman Bharat will provide immense investment opportunitiesin the areas of health infrastructure, medical equipment manufacturing, and healthcare services.
We also need to move towards transparent and flexible markets for both oil and gas.
Rabi sowing is up by 6 per cent compared to last year.
He described the Constitution as the very soul of our democratic structure.
The new dawn of the New Year, comes with the resolve of new success.
He congratulated the people of Jammu Kashmir for making the state Open Defecation Free by September 2018 itself.
The Prime Minister said that spiritual institutions in India, have been centres for the spread of social reform.
However, I take satisfaction in the fact that this is the second Summit between India and Portugal within a period of six months.
This event is the first of its kind in South Asia.
It is natural for each one of us to feel proud of this great tradition of India.
And, shape our partnership and engagement in a manner that ultimately contributes to the progress of all Indians and all Sri Lankans, and also touches your lives.
The funds will be utilized for repair, maintenance, and strengthening of roads, highways, bridges, and other damaged infrastructure.
They underscored the importance of pluralism, democracy, and rule of law as key values to achieve peaceful co-existence.
But it is not just on the battle-fields, but also on the factory floors of defence manufacturing enterprises, that strategic decisions are made.
In a befitting reply to those who made a mockery of PM’s announcement of Swachta Abhiyan from the Red Fort, he said that today due to extensive sanitation drive, 97% population has access to clean toilets now.
He said the Ardh-Kumbh would show how ‘New India’ encompasses both heritage and modernity.
The country is governed by peace, harmony and unity.
This is an area that India needs to improve upon to remain competitive.
And it is the duty of all countrymen to keep our historical heritage safe and clean.
Ayushman Bharat also includes the Pradhan Mantri National Health Protection Mission.
Protocol for Consultations between the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and MEA for the period 2019-2023
BHIM stands for Bharat Interface for Money.
The Governing Council reviews the work done during the previous year and deliberates upon the future developmental priorities.
The Prime Minister said that schemes such as Mudra Yojana, Jan Dhan Yojana and Stand Up India, are helping in greater financial inclusion.
Railways can now contribute in a much better way in meeting the transport needs of the country.
The MoU was signed in April, 2017.
Portuguese passion for football runs deep.
So a lot of new people would have received the training for casting votes.
I am particularly grateful to Prime Minister Abe for his encouragement and support at a personal level.
And therefore the most effective medicine that exists for memory recall is relaxation.
Today, we live in an inter-connected world.
I myself will also be a candidate during this election.
The Prime Minister said that an unclean environment, if not cleaned, leads to a situation where one starts accepting circumstances.
The International Convention of Saurashtra Patel Cultural Samaj is being held in California, United States of America, this year.
He said that the happiness of the beneficiaries who featured in the presentation today, was evident to everyone present at the gathering.
He said the development projects being inaugurated today augur well for the cooperative sector.
Such is the scale of opportunity that is waiting to be tapped.
PM will release a synopsis of the Green Rameswaram Project.
The second edition of “Samvad”- Global Initiative on Conflict Avoidance and Environment Consciousness, is being organised in Yangon today and tomorrow.
64. The Sides noted that the participation of the Prime Minister of the Republic of India Narendra Modi in the SCO Heads of State Council Meeting in Qingdao in June 2018 marked successful involvement of India in the work of the Organization as a full-fledged member.
He said that with the Statue of Unity, India has given itself today, a towering inspiration for the future.
Millions of people take a dip in the holy rivers on theoccasion of MakarSankranti.
If we do not manage this growth, in terms of both planning and execution, the risk of economic and human losses from disasters will be higher than ever before.
Under your leadership, Cyprus has successfully overcome its recent financial and banking challenges.
In this very Kranti Mandir, a visual arts museum has been established.
13. Information and communication to citizens on hygiene and food safety and healthy eating habits; and
The PM added,“It is our constant endeavour to simplify procedures for small entrepreneurs.
People donate generously to the needy during this holy month.
In such a scenario, Consumer Protection is an important component which enhances and strengthens trade in this region.
It is due to his vision of development that all these states are progressing rapidly, the Prime Minister said.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the passing away of Kalaignar Karunanidhi.
And now the festival of Eid is here.
A special Leprosy Case Detection Campaign was carried out in 2016.
“Greetings on World Environment Day.
First of all, I congratulate the newly elected deputy chairman Shriman HarivanshJi on behalf the entire house and myself.
As developing countries, we share similar challenges.
FDI flows from Japan have almost tripled in last three years.
The recommendations of these sub-groups have been incorporated by various Ministries of the Union Government, he added.
Such Mock Parliaments will further the spirit of discussion among our youth, he added.
It used to be played in almost every state.
Such measures have propelled our economy into a high growth path.
Our soldiers practiced yoga in Siachen where temperatures reach minus 20, 25, 40 degrees.
Don’t let this opportunity go past you.
Similarly, he said, social justice is an important governance objective.
In this context, let me outline a ten-point agenda for renewing our efforts towards disaster risk reduction:
Hence, it is the endeavour of the government to ensure affordable healthcare to every citizen.
They expressed confidence that strong India-US partnership will continue to be an important factor for global peace and prosperity.
He said he is committed to providing affordable healthcare for the poor and the middle class.
It has benefitted lakhs of craftsmen and workers.
I have been saying that 21st Century is Asia’s Century.
Earlier today, I announced direct Air India flights from Colombo to Varanasi.
The MoU will provide a mechanism and help to foster scientific cooperation between R&D and academic institutions of India and Canada.
The Prime Minister said that Gurudev Rabindranath Tagore always wanted Indian students to keep abreast of developments across the world, even as they kept their Indianness intact.
His phenomenal contribution to the freedom struggle lives on in our hearts.
PM interacted with the college students from different parts if the country on this occasion.
The MoU covers the following areas of cooperation:
His work towards empowering the poor will always be remembered.
The project of Varanasi Convention Centre is a symbol of cultural co-operation between Kyoto city of Japan and Varanasi.
No new funds have been approved.
They have taken this campaign in a religious manner.
Dr. Abdul Momen briefed the Prime Minister on recent developments in the bilateral relationship.
It offers a spectacular view of the Sardar Sarovar Dam, its reservoir, and the Satpura and Vindhya mountain ranges.
Let me begin by congratulating NITI Aayog for organizing this global conference.
A glimpse of his life span reflects a glimpse of the entire India.
The areas of cooperation on Youth matters includes exchanges of youth, representatives of youth organizations, and government officials in-charge of youth policy-making.
The Prime Minister also mentioned the steps taken for Scheduled Castes and Other Backward Castes.
The Sides welcomed the establishment of a pharmaceutical plant by Advance Pharma Company in Russia.
Welcoming the members of the delegation, the Prime Minister said that democracy’s greatest strength is harmony and amity (मेल मिलाप).
In that interview, field Marshal Sam Manekshaw was reminiscing on times when he was a Colonel.
Renowned nationalist and Tamil poet Subramanya Bharati is well known for his revolutionary poem Pudhumai Penn or New woman and is renowned for his efforts for Women empowerment.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval to the MoU between India and Afghanistan on cooperation in the peaceful uses of outer space.
This is in addition to Rs. 100 Cr. announced by the Home Minister on 12.08.2018.
The ban imposed on Jallikattu by the Supreme Court came up for discussion.
Schoolchildren from various Atal Tinkering Labs shared their innovations with the Prime Minister.
It was Atal Ji’s exemplary leadership that set the foundations for a strong, prosperous and inclusive India in the 21st century.
You must have heard a lot about Kumbh.
This is Prime Minister’s second visit to the city.
PM said that Ayushman Bharat Scheme will create an entirely new ecosystem which helps to create healthier India.
For this, they require specialized arbitration lawyers.
The Prime Minister said doing social work should be a matter of great pride for everyone.
• If the law of the land is working, then we have to join hands together ward off the challenge from those who try to save themselves by raking up the issue of political conspiracy.
On 29 May, I will be in Jakarta on the invitation of Indonesian President Joko Widodo.
In Singapore I will be focusing on enhancing India-Singapore partnership in areas of Fintech, skill development, urban planning and artificial intelligence.
Saddened by his passing away.
In just 100 days since its inception over 7 lakh poor patients have been benefited.
Nation is celebrating the Independence Day with the festival of Janamashtmi today .
During the interaction, the Prime Minister highlighted the scope for cooperation in Energy Security and Food Security between the two countries.
In last three years, nearly 150 lakh hectares of land got more benefit through water conservation and water management measures.
He announced an immediate additional assistance of 500 crore rupees under the SDRF.
We are also happy to share with you India’s holistic healthcare traditions such as Yoga and Ayurveda.
We shall gradually advance in that direction.
Just recently I had two memorable meetings.
Works like Encyclopaedia of Hinduism, when made available in various languages, increase the under-standing and enhance the awareness of other traditions and cultures within the country.
In August 2016 strict rules were put in place to curtail benami transactions.
In a short time, the new year of 2017 will begin.
Biofuels can help reduce import dependency on crude oil.
He said the ITI would help empower the youth of the island, with skills.
We wish to build land, sea and air connectivity to this dynamic region.
Trade Unions so recognized would be accountable in maintaining industrial harmony.
11,641 additional habitations have been connected with roads in the same period.
It has resulted in much greater level of engagement of the Japanese industry with the Indian economy.
This number is expected to double in the next ten years.
Honey is nature’s gift to mankind.
Earlier, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said that the India-Japan partnership is special, strategic and global.
The Prime Minister said that the Union Government will support the cyclone-affected States through a package of relief measures.
After unveiling a plaque to mark the inauguration, the Prime Minister travelled, and walked on the bridge for a few minutes.
This is the ninth interaction in the series by the Prime Minister through video conference with the beneficiaries of various Government schemes.
It will provide much needed momentum to increased bilateral business and investment linkages.
A few days ago, the country’s beloved poet Neeraj Ji left us forever.
In a way, this period is full of many significant events for the nation.
India is now ripe, for a sweet revolution.
Actually from Kashmir to Kanyakumari and from Kutch to Kamrup and from Amreli to Arunachal Pradesh, these 3-4 months have examinations galore.
Women beneficiaries also explained how Self Help Groups have ushered in a positive change in their lives.
Atal Ji’s passing away is a personal and irreplaceable loss for me.
This is a day to reaffirm our commitment towards further strengthening our democracy by unfailingly participating in democratic processes at the local, state and national levels.
Today our warehouses are filled with food grains.
It will lead to promotion and propagation of Traditional Systems of Medicines of India in Colombia.
My young friends, you know very well that I regularly do my ‘Mann Ki Baat’.
If possible, we can make the elder family members accompany these children to the playground and play with them.
It was Veer Savarkar who boldly expostulated by writing that whatever happened in 1857 was not a revolt but was indeed the First War of Independence.
More than 5 crore women have been mobilized into 45 lakh Self Help Groups (SHGs) by May 2018.
I wish Prime Minister Netanyahu, Mrs. Netanyahu and the delegation a memorable stay in India.
Earlier only eighty to ninety big merchants used to get access to global rough diamonds by travelling to Belgium, Africa and Israel.
Interacting with the Prime Minister, the awardees narrated their inspirational stories in transforming their schools into centres of learning and excellence.
He commended the country’s security apparatus for the work they are doing in securing the country.
He said Kashi is now emerging as a health hub.
The flood situation in Kerala has been continuously and closely monitored by the Union Government.
This is the fifth interaction in the series by the Prime Minister through video bridge with various beneficiaries of Government schemes.
He appreciated the participation of cities in the challenge route.
It contributes to our energy security.
The Prime Minister said that it is vital to identify the “last people in the line” so that benefits of governance can reach them.
This has freed rural women from the misery of poisonous smoke.
It does the job of uniting us.
The Prime Minister pressed a lever to commence a Virtual Abhishek of the statue.
We were touched by President Moon’s decision to send the First Lady as his special representative at the ‘Deepotsav’ Festival held in Ayodhya last November.
100 percent neem coating of Urea has also resulted in lowering expenditure on fertilizer, apart from raising productivity.
Leaving home for the first time, moving out of one’s village, coming out of a protective environment amounts to taking charge of the course of one’s life.
The Prime Minister also spoke of the immense tourism potential of the North-East.
January, February, March, April – all these are for every family, months of most severe test!
The Prime Minister will inaugurate air services between Jagdalpur and Raipur.
In this mutual and global pursuit I thank Prime Minister Abe and Japan for being a perfect partner.
He added that their efforts have ensured that Indian Passport is respected everywhere.
17. They welcomed the signing of the MoU between National Small Industries Corporation of India and the Russian Small and Medium Business Corporation.
“Greetings and best wishes toCentral Industrial Security Forceon their Raising Day.
The impediments encountered earlier in the grant and process of award, have been removed.
Reading can help broaden one’s thinking.
We are giving loans to small enterprises without collateral.
Shri Narendra Modi referred to the various projects in the power, road and other infrastructure sectors, which have progressed significantly, and brought about an improvement in the lives of the people in the city of Varanasi, and nearby areas.
Financial assistance worth Rs.2 lakh will be provided to the family of each of the deceased while assistance worth Rs. 50,000 will be provided to the persons who are seriously injured in the flood hit areas.
A well-read population will help India excel globally.
The security of these forts was the responsibility of the Maratha Navy.
The Prime Minister assured the delegation that the Union Government will look into their demands.
Today, our fishermen take small boats to the sea.
The Prime Minister will lay the Foundation Stone for the expansion of Amul manufacturing facilities at Anand and Khatraj.
Prime Minister Modi conveyed his good wishes for the progress and prosperity of the friendly people of Malaysia.
Your children have benefited from this.
Speaking on the economy, the Prime Minister said that the world expects India to become a five trillion dollar economy soon.
He said Adi Shankara had united India, through the Vedas and Upanishads.
He also stated that within the next two weeks, the Fair and Remunerative Price (FRP) for sugarcane for the sugar season of 2018-19, will also be announced.
16 year old player Tabaabi Devi hails from a village in Manipur.
The molecular oncology department of the institute was designated a “Centre of Excellence” in 2007 by the Union Government.
Last month onwards, they have started broadcasting versions in regional languages, immediately after the broadcast of my ‘Mann Ki Baat’.
Prime Minister said that the culture of taking everyone along makes India different from all other countries.
He spoke of the benefit that schemes such as Jan Dhan Yojana, Mudra Yojana, Ujjwala Yojana, Fasal Bima Yojana and Saubhagya have brought about in the State.
But whenever I look at the overall outcome of ‘Mann Ki Baat’, it reinforces my belief, that it is intrinsically, inseparably woven into the warp & weft of our common citizens’ lives, cent per cent.
Insurance coverage upto 5 lakh rupees per family, per year for secondary and tertiary care hospitalization will be provided under this mission.
That is why, Swami Vivekananda said, “expansion is life, contraction is death.”
These experiences will enrich your lives.
He also encouraged the jawans to innovate, so that their routine tasks and duties become easier and safer.
This was the fourth of five such interactions.
From the time of the Upanishads persons with knowledge have been respected through the ages.
Terming it as a historic day, the Prime Minister dedicated PM-SYM Yojana to the forty two crore strong unorganized sector workers in the country.
• Along with the High Speed Rail project, a training institute is also taking shape.
Before I begin, I would like to share with you, some recent, remarkable achievements of our scientists in India.
It is a time for praying to Ma Durga.
Interacting with beneficiaries and store owners from over 5000 locations, the Prime Minister said that in order to ensure the availability of high quality medicines at lower prices, Government had taken two major steps.
Even in our ancient scriptures, this importance of personal hygiene is captured.
• As strategic partners and maritime neighbours, the two leaders emphasised the importance of further consolidating the security and defence cooperation between the two countries.
This multitude of young people leave their homes for the first time to chart a new direction for their lives.
Five (5) Companies of BSF, CISF and RAF’s have been deployed in the State to carry out rescue and relief measures.
In a way, this is endowed with the might to transform the entire season-cycle of the country.
Of late, News of abundant rainfall has been steadily coming in.
There are more than 8 lakh doctors.
Resolution of Public Grievances has also been reviewed in 17 sectors.
We are here today to act upon the belief that we as humans can make a difference to this planet.
A meagre tea vendor; today you will be surprised to know that the lives of more than 70 children are being illuminated through education due to his efforts.
Peacekeeping operation is not an easy task.
Our constant efforts have improved India’s ranking in Ease of Doing Business.
Security and defence cooperation have added growing new dimensions to our relationship.
In the year 2001, Atalji changed the time of presenting the budget from 5 pm to 11 am.
It will benefit both countries.
He appreciated the officers who have been instrumental in facilitating this change.
The resulting expansion of health care facilities will lead to the creation of a large number of jobs.
Getting inspiration from her sacrifice, people came forward and joined her.
This will not only improve our refining and processing efficiencies but also ensure timely and efficent project completion.
With their collective efforts, they have not only changed their own fortunes but have changed fortunes of the whole region.
The Prime Minister said that when India was not independent, its knowledge, and its traditions such as Yoga and Ayurveda were belittled.
And in our first meeting itself I had experienced his enthusiasm and affection towards India.
Agreement on Legal and Judicial Cooperation in Civil and Commercial matter
We are aware of the power of the collective resolve, hard work, sacrifice and devotion of our 125 crore citizens.
Bilal is very young age wise but is a source of inspiration for all of us who are interested in cleanliness.
They agreed to jointly contribute in a positive and constructive way in facilitating sustainable solutions for global challenges including climate change, sustainable development, food security etc.
As a society, as a nation, the 2 minute tribute of silence on 30th January at 11 am, should become our instinctive nature.
His mild persona always fills every Indian with a sense of pride.
We can see in “Swachhata Hi Sewa” movement as to how the electronic media and the print media in our country can render a big service to the country.
However, legal reforms can deliver desired results only when there is an effective and efficient dispute resolution mechanism.
He added that several announcement were made in the Budget to this effect.
The Prime Minister spoke of themes such as climate protection and smart cities, which came up for discussion.
• The onus lies on the political parties to identify such leaders among them and segregate them from their political journey.
Talking about the honesty shown by the Bohra Community in business, Prime Minister said that the government encourages honest businessmen and workers through GST, Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code.
We will be hosting a global mobility conference this year.
The Prime Minister reviewed the progress in implementation of the AMRUT Mission.
He said that as a country, we have to leave no stone unturned to not just reach the last mile but also to work together to eliminate the social stigma attached with this disease.
Not only this, we are also the sixth largest producer of renewable energy.
He said that it is essential, as a society, to stay connected to our history.
He is also remembered for his work in the education sector, and other social causes.
My dear countrymen, you must’ve returned to your respective routines after the Diwali vacation, with a new resolve, with a new determination.
The selected bank will co-brand the Kochi Metro Fare Card and App with the bank’s name.
Institutions also extended their contribution enthusiastically.
The Government also aims to extend Piped Natural Gas to ten million houses over the next five years.
This will provide a benefit cover of over 7000 dollars annually to more than 100 million poor and vulnerable families.
May you enjoy your stay in the spiritual city of Rishikesh, and the divine surroundings of Parmarth Niketan.
Both leaders also discussed the importance of enhancing connectivity.
Aspects such as human psychology and behavioural psychology should be vital parts of training, he added.
A teacher asked the Prime Minister about what teachers should tell parents who are stressed about the exams of their children, and have unrealistic expectations.
These initiatives have resulted in 42-place jump in the Ease of Doing Business rankings in the last four years, he added.
It is for the first time since independence that such a scheme is envisaged for the crores of workers engaged in the informal sector, PM added.
Now, we have taken some more decisions in the interest of farmers.
Towards this end, the Prime Minister’s interaction will bring together various stakeholders involved in the mission.
As we implement the Sendai Framework, we would welcome new opportunities for regional and international collaboration.
Who does not know of the sense of adventure?
Incorporating a company is now just a one day affair.
23. The Sides appreciated the efforts to further cement and institutionalize cooperation between Indian States and Russian Regions.
These mountains of Uttarakhand spontaneously inspire us for Yoga and Ayurveda.
Under the Comprehensive Primary Health Care aspect of Ayushman Bharat, we will provide preventive and curative services at primary care level to people near their homes.
The proposed Bill will ensure that the nomination of workers’ representatives in tripartite bodies by the government will become more transparent.
Giving the example of dairy cooperatives, he said that the cooperative movement has the capacity to solve people’s problems.
He added that India now stands at 3rd place in Power Ranking in the 2018 report of the World Travel & Tourism Council.
The Prime Minister will then travel to Anjar.
He too, greeted the children on Vishwakarma Jayanti, and said it is important to learn various skills.
“I bow to Guru Ravidas Ji on the special occasion of Guru Ravidas Jayanti.
Recognition of Trade Unions at Central/State level would reduce duplicacy of such exercise by different departments.
Her stellar innings in semi finals will always be remembered.
A clean and healthy India will spell a prosperous India also.
We are already the fifth largest producer of solar energy in the world.
Our youth will never be misled, the Prime Minister added.
Come 2019, we are going to celebrate the 550th PRAKASH VARSH of Guru Nanak Dev ji.
We stand with Portugal in full support in this hour of grief.
He said projects worth 12 lakh crore rupees have been speeded up in this way.
The Prime Minister said that giving One Rank One Pension to ex-servicemen was a promise that he had made, and he was happy that he had been able to fulfil it.
In addition to Kathmandu, I am also looking forward to visiting Janakpur and Muktinath.
The Prime Minister said that new AIIMS are being established to help the people get better access to healthcare.
He expressed confidence that everyone would work together to complete this project in the shortest possible time.
The Prime Minister offered deepest condolences on his behalf and on behalf of the people of India on the loss of precious lives in the recent earthquake and tsunami that hit the Sulawesi region of Indonesia.
But now we live in independent India.
2. Assistance in development of human resources and setting up of health care facilities;
The Prime Minister spoke of cooperation between India and Israel for innovation in areas such as food, water, health and energy.
Who is not a fan of Harmanpreet Kaur?
Even today, India is one of the largest contributors to various United Nations Peace Keeping Forces in terms of sending forces personnel.
The Prime Minister said that it is not enough to rest on past laurels, but is also important to adapt to emerging challenges.
He expressed hope that the medal winners will remain grounded and would not lose focus due to fame and accolades.
On this historic occasion the most important role is that of the Chartered Accountants.
During this visit, apart from my discussions with President Moon, I will meet with business leaders, members of the Indian community as well as eminent persons from all walks of life.
The Union Government attaches topmost importance to the development of eastern India, he added.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has welcomed and conveyed best wishes to all teams taking part in the FIFA U-17 World Cup.
On our part, we would, of course, want greater influx of Japanese investments.
The Prime Minister said that IIT Bhubaneswar would spur the industrial development of Odisha, and work towards technology to improve the lives of the people.
When Rajani approached her father, expressing her wish to learn boxing, he encouraged her, arranging for whatever possible resources that he could.
It has been made possible because of close cooperation between the Central Government and all the State Governments as well as all political parties.
125 crore Indians will join the rest of the world, in welcoming it with new hope, new energy and new dreams.
He said there is a strong need for proper mapping at the district level so that we can understand the range of our talent, and plan for infrastructure accordingly.
We agreed that efficiency of water and resource use; water conservation and its purification; productivity increases in agriculture are key areas in deepening our bilateral cooperation.
He mentioned the roll-out of GST, auctioning of natural resources, insurance and banking sector reforms, and skill development, among others.
“Strongly condemn the terrorist attack in Kabul.
We need to change this mindset.
I compliment all those individuals and organisations working towards building more toilets in various parts of India.
I had made an appeal to change brain-drain into brain-gain.
This was a war in which India was not directly involved yet our soldiers fought world over, just for the cause of peace.
He said a comprehensive approach is being adopted for education, under the Samagra Shiksha Abhiyan.
Let me conclude by congratulating the citizens of Kochi, the Kochi Metro Rail Corporation and the Chief Minister of Kerala for achieving this important milestone.
Speaking on the occasion, he said that our minds are not ready to believe that Shri Vajpayee is no longer with us.
They leave a deep impression on my heart.
Bharat Net is targeted at providing last mile internet connectivity in the country.
Speaking on the occasion of the inauguration of Bangladesh Bhavan, the Prime Minister described it as a symbol of the cultural ties between India and Bangladesh.
The Prime Minister complimented the State Government for the efforts made in meeting the challenges of the unprecedented situation.
Yoga is a code to connect people with life, and to reconnect mankind with nature.
He was an effective voice for Karnataka’s aspirations in Delhi.
Lord Buddha’s message is as relevant in the twenty first century as it was two and a half millennia ago.
In the spirit of regional cooperation, India will soon launch the South Asia Satellite.
We have taken decisive steps and built a governance system that will help India realize its potential.
He will also release the Innovation and Start-Up Policy for A&N Islands.
In my experience, the more we relied on people’s own leadership, the better were the outcomes.
He said that today’s launch of IPPB is one more step to achieve this objective.
They shared their perspectives on the long shared history and maritime links between the two countries.
For this, we are strengthening the entire eco-system of our administrative arrangements.
There is no dearth of talent in our country.
In this context, he mentioned the issues on the agenda today, including doubling of farmers income, development of aspirational districts, Ayushman Bharat, Mission Indradhanush, Nutrition Mission and celebrations of the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi.
The Prime Minister said both leaders also discussed ways to counter terrorism and radicalization.
After the start of the project Customs administrations of both countries will be committed to its further expansion.
They can be called “nutrition rich and climate smart” crops.
The two leaders also shared views on their respective foreign policy visions of achieving global prosperity and security.
Kochi was selected as a Smart City in Round One of the challenge process in January 2016.
Best wishes.
You see, if all the people of one state will do this, then I will ask the government to do a scrutiny of it and prepare publicity material based on seven common things received from each state.
I was reading an old interview with the celebrated Army officer samManekshaw.
On 31 May, I will visit the India-Singapore enterprise and innovation exhibition.
The Prime Minister quoted the writer Ramvriksha Benipuri, and the poet Sohanlal Dwivedi to describe the mood that prevailed at that time.
Under the aegis of this campaign, separate programmes on village development, poverty amelioration and social justice will be held throughout India.
Under this, we offer around 700 scholarships annually to students for studying in Sri Lanka and India.
He was an inspiration to Karyakartas like me.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today inaugurated state-of-the-art super speciality Rasilaben Sevantilal Shah Venus hospital in Surat.
Our goal is to build a relationship that reflects our shared priorities and draws on enduring bonds between our peoples.
India’s development needs are huge and substantial.
I am glad that so many participants from India and abroad have taken the time to come here.
If the world has to grow as a whole,there has to be a mutually supportive relationship between producers and consumers.
He popularized India’s music traditions globally.
I am confident that our discussion and decisions today will give a new direction and depth to our partnership.
Under the Mission for Integrated Development of Horticulture, farmers would be provided assistance for replantation of damaged horticulture crops.
He also dedicated to the nation, inaugurated, or laid the Foundation Stone for various development projects at Rae Bareli.
We are also committed to ensure, that we do so, in a way that is sustainable and green.
But if we don’t have any trust in our own strength and capabilities then no one will accept it.
Dr. Abdullah conveyed Afghanistan’s deep appreciation for India’s continuing support for infrastructure development and capacity building in Afghanistan.
We are enacting a Goods and Services Tax law, to create an integrated national market.
The govt. is also working towards the goal that every citizen of the country owns a house by 2022.
Bringing down the rate from 10 to 5 percent is a bold move.
The Jan Dhan Yojana has brought millions of people into the banking system.
Addressing the gathering, the Prime Minister asserted that development is the best answer to all kinds of violence.
Many programs are being organized across the country in celebration of the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi.
He said that only those who respect women, can take legitimate pride in the opening words of Swami Vivekananda’s address – “Brothers and sisters of America.”
Prime Minister Abe and I do not miss any opportunity to meet.
Towards this end, we have initiated far-reaching legal reforms.
Today our monetary policy, Start Up India, Stand Up India initiative have become seedbed for our young innovators and young entrepreneurs.
On 10% reservation for the general category poor, the Prime Minister has said that this is a step in the right direction.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that it was indeed significant that the junior-most and senior-most officers are spending such a lot of time communicating with each other.
The Sides noted with satisfaction the longstanding cooperation of Indian and Russian scientists in the Antarctic.
Prime Minister assured her of India’s full and constructive cooperation in discharging her new responsibilities.
Write not only about architecture or natural beauty but write something about their daily life too.
PM will also declare 100% household electrification in Arunachal Pradesh under Saubhagya Scheme.
vii) Any other area of cooperation as may be mutually decided upon.
Now, the continent finds itself at the centre of global economic activity.
This also is saving crores of rupees for the poor and middle class people.
As per UNCTAD’s World Investment Report, India continues to be one of the top FDI destinations in the world.
He said the effort is to showcase India’s glorious past, and vibrant future.
They have laid down their lives for the country.
• The R&D projects will be aimed at accelerating social transformation by providing solutions through application of science and technology.
Most of the taxpayers in India would be benefitted by this decision.
“Glad to know that people across Tripura marked the Jayanti of Maharaja Bir Bikram Kishore Debbarma Manikya Bahadur with immense enthusiasm.
Ms. Espinosa shared her priorities for the upcoming session of the UN General Assembly.
101 of these satellites were owned by countries such as USA, Israel, Switzerland, Netherlands, Kazakhstan and UAE.
36 white industries have been taken out from the requirement of environmental clearance.
My heart goes out to the victim’s families.
Leading this effort, the Prime Minister shared through social media, a special video, featuring his appeal to the people to send messages to our brave Armed Forces personnel.
I experienced his excellent hospitality during the BRICS Summit in South Africa last year.
Government of India has made a successful effort to clean the Ganga and involve the people for this project with the cooperation of five State governments.
The Prime Minister asserted that the youth of India respects Sardar Patel, and his contribution towards the building of our nation.
Applauding the various social initiatives carried out by the Dawoodi Bohra community, Prime Minister said that various efforts are taken by the government to ensure improved living standards for citizens, especially the poor and needy.
Acknowledging the greetings of the Anganwadi workers, the Prime Minister expressed his happiness that they had assembled from all parts of the country to meet him today.
I am happy to note that the State Government has announced 19th June as the reading day.
He said that he is happy that in the last few years, there has been steady progress towards this goal.
Indian women have played a leading role in peace keeping efforts.
Indian youngsters have distinguished themselves due to their futuristic and out-of-the-box thinking.
Our most beloved leader, ShriAtalBihari Vajpayee, the former Prime Minister of our country, had clearly said that human rights are not analien concept for us.
As reported by the Swiss Bank Authorities, the black money deposits of Indian Nationals have a hit a record all time low.
He said the Pradhan Mantri Krishi Sinchai Yojana envisions water for every farm.
As part of it, government has started training about one lakh masons.
The Earth is our mother and we all are her children.
He said women now have a greater opportunity to earn extra income, as time spent on cooking has been reduced.
Last year, nearly 3 and a half crore people have benefited from this.
My dear countrymen, just like every time earlier, I have received a rather large number of letters, e mails, phone calls and comments from you.
In fact during the last three years it has become the third largest source of Foreign Direct Investments.
The Russian Side expressed its interest in participating in the international competitive biddings as and when the Ministry of Railways of India decides to execute the railway speed raising projects.
We will also interact with the BRICS Business Council represented by captains of industry from all five countries.
In the Monsoon session, this time, everyone jointly presented an ideal approach.
India has emerged a hub for start-ups and innovation.
But, we are now awaiting the rains.
Kerala was also the first state to attain 100 percent primary education.
At the outset, I wish to express our sincere condolences on the loss of life due to the recent earthquake in Aceh .
These operations have been carried out in Korea, Cambodia, Laos, Vietnam, Congo, Cyprus, Liberia, Lebanon, Sudan and many other parts of the world.
Acting against corruption
In this context, I extend hearty greetings to F.S.S.A.I for this initiative.
Minister Le Drian briefed the Prime Minister on the current status of bilateral defence cooperation.
The Prime Minister stated that both countries have benefitted in an unprecedented manner through economic engagement.
The poison of casteism and communalism can never benefit the country.
Addressing the gathering, the Prime Minister said that innovation has a key role to play in bringing the people of India and Israel, closer to each other.
The Prime Minister spoke of his visit to the Tsunami memorial – Wall of Lost Souls – just before arriving for this function.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has saluted air warriors and their families on Air Force Day.
He added that it also creates trust among the common people, which is the key to ‘New India.’
26th January, our Republic Day was celebrated with joy and enthusiasm in every nook and corner of the nation by all of us.
Keeping in line with the Government’s vision of providing drinking water to all, PM will lay the Foundation Stone of Piped Water Scheme for the rural areas of Bundelkhand Region.
The sugarcane farmers are happy that ethanol production has tripled.
In our country there is an innate respect for the military and the security forces.
Everybody is now getting connected with this Fit India Campaign.
Sister Nivedita, without caring for her health, started cleaning drains and roads.
As a result, more residential and commercial complexes will develop in this region.
Growth in the aviation sector is expected to raise demand for aviation fuel four times by 2040.
Inclusion of Monpa, Memba, Sartang, Sajolong (Miji) in serial No. 9 in lieu of ‘Momba’.
Therefore, the strategic imperative to Make in India, to Make for India, and to Supply to the World from India is stronger than ever before.
Wheneverthere will be reference to Hockey,the story will remain incomplete without a mention of these legends.
Congratulations Tejaswini Sawant for the Gold in the women’s 50m Rifle 3 Positions event.
Germany ranks 7th among foreign investor countries in India.
12. Research and training of food industry operators;
Chhath festival is associated with the worship of the sun, rivers and ponds.
He will then arrive at the Wall of Unity, and inaugurate it.
Of course, it is quite possible that my words this morning will act as a relaxant for you.
After laying the Foundation Stone of the Pakuldul project, the Prime Minister said it is a unique day when one hydropower project has been inaugurated; and the Foundation Stone has been laid for another one.
However, most of the time the situation of the house is like this that umpires are in more trouble than the players.
Towards this end, real-time monitoring towards progress of nutrition outcomes was discussed, especially in the worst performing districts.
We have abolished the Foreign Investment Promotion Board.
I once again bow paying my obeisance to Shri Guru Gobind Singh ji.
You should participate in this initiative and especially I urge you to make you children witness these campaigns.
Ajit Bajaj and his daughter became the first ever father-daughter duo to ascend Everest.
The Prime Minister said that the feeling of “cleanliness being our responsibility”, needs to be inculcated among all.
· The Centre will dispatch immediate financial assistance worth Rs. 325 crore to cater to the requirements of Kerala, Tamil Nadu and Lakshadweep.
The 26th of November is our Constitution Day.
Addressing the gathering, the Prime Minister said that such Unnati Melas play a key role in paving the way for New India.
The holy month of Ramzan is observed all across, in prayer with piety.
We have over 300 million middle class consumers.
Nordic solutions in clean technologies, maritime solutions, port modernisation, food processing, health, life-sciences and agriculture were mentioned.
We do not want to spend ten years in discussions without any tangible outcomes.
This will be the fourth Annual Summit between Prime Minister Modi and Prime Minister Abe.
And I am fully aware of the fact that eliminating fake companies and taking action against black money can be politically incorrect and pose a risk to any political party.
They also have unique strengths and insights.
Hon’ble Chairman, heartiest congratulations and good wishes on behalf of the House and on behalf of the countrymen!
Responding to a team that is working to create rural digital entrepreneurs, the Prime Minister said that it is important to create an India where everyone has equal opportunities.
Earlier he also expressed sadness over loss of lives in forest fire in Portugal.
Foreign investment has been invited in this sector.
The Prime Minister said that India has no shortage of capabilities, capacities and resources.
Through the UMANG App, more than 100 public services have been made available to the citizens through their mobile phone.
All of these point to the new direction of economic reforms that India is pursuing.
This shows that international bilateral cooperation is no longer limited to national capitals, but now extends to our State capitals as well.
First of all, I congratulate all of you for this Regional Conference on an important subject like Consumer Protection.
As a veteran Parliamentarian, he enriched parliamentary proceedings.
The Prime Minister asked the officers to fix clear targets to improve the country’s tax administration by 2022, the 75th anniversary of independence.
We need to fully harness these strengths.
This is India’s unique beauty that spirituality and science complement each other in our culture.
The Prime Minister appreciated the close bilateral cooperation in sectors such as investment, urban development, civil aviation, and skill development.
He was the architect of the re-establishment of diplomatic relations between India and Portugal.
He visited the Museum and Exhibition, and the Viewers’ Gallery.
In Ahmedabad in Gujarat, around 55 thousand people performed Yoga together and created a new world record.
I pray for the quick recovery of those injured.
The Prime Minister called for an end to the “chalta hai” attitude of complacency, and its replacement with an attitude of “badal sakta hai” for positive change.
He said the Government’s focus is on increasing productivity through high speed connectivity.
Happy that the Bharat Ratna has been conferred on Bhupen Da.” the Prime Minister said.
The theme of IEF-16 is “The Future of Global Energy Security.”
The national flags of many countries were together hoisted at the Kumbh.
If the youth of a country possess these qualities, that country will progress not only in areas such as Economy and Science & Technology but also bring laurels home in the field of sports.
My thoughts and prayers are with the people of Tamil Nadu in this hour of grief.
I was inspired to visit the Cellular Jail only after reading Savarkarji’s book “Maazi Janmthep”.
Members of the Club des Chefs des Chefs (Club of Presidential Chefs from across the Globe), called on the Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi today.
So I would like to know your views concerning the current direction of education and its future course.”
I have spoken to Arunachal Pradesh CM Pema Khandu and other officials both in Delhi and the states on the flood situation
On behalf of the people and the farmers of Gujarat and Maharashtra, who benefit from the Narmada, the Prime Minister thanked the people and the Government of Madhya Pradesh, for the Narmada Seva Yatra.
Secretary Carter briefed Prime Minister on the progress in taking forward the decisions and understandings reached in June this year.
Everyone talks about this but do we not have any responsibility towards conservation of water?
In the last two fiscal years, we received about 55 billion dollars as foreign direct investment.
So, it is indeed an honour for me to welcome such a great friend and strong supporter of India.
My dear countrymen, in ‘Mann Ki Baat’, All India Radio too infuses myriad novel hues of creativity and imagination.
He recounted the various steps, including demonetization, taken by the Union Government in the last three years, against black money, and to bring elements indulging in corruption, to book.
That is why a large number of letters on agriculture have been received.
In different games, our athletes have made the country proud.
To those who are exploring, I promise you that we are committed to further refine our policies and procedures to boost Make in India.
Thus, it becomes clear that our younger generations still care for the brave heroes of our ancient past, its heritage and history.
Prime Minister said that various schemes of the Government, like Swachh Bharat has boosted tourism in the country.
I am told that about 1.20 crore rupees have been given to the foundation in the last two years.
He said that besides the sugar sector, we should also think of globally competitive bamboo products.
This is the reason because of which the acceptance for Yoga throughout the world has been increasing so rapidly.
His father earns his daily bread by waste-picking.
Stable, predictable and transparent regulations are redefining the nature of doing business in India.
In order to ensure that their fellow countrymen could sleep peacefully, these brave sons toiled relentlessly, day or night.
Even a common man gets a unique diving feeling when he visits this place.
We keep learning something or the other from great men and women, saints, sages, holy people.
Today, we have with us Ministers from several African countries.
He added that India would also make an immense contribution to it.
He saw a vital place for youngsters in the realm of nation building.
Procedures for obtaining clearances from various agencies have been simplified.
At a public meeting, he flagged off the 900th coach, and a Humsafar Rake.
My dear countrymen, today as we refer to Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose, that too in ‘Mann Ki Baat’, I would like to share with you an incident from Netaji’s life.
This holy month of Ramzan will definitely be helpful in further strengthening these values of peace, unity and goodwill.
We are also joined together in shaping the international context to support our common pursuits and endeavors.
There are many such aspects which emerged out of these discussions which are definitely going to be beneficial for the students.
Beneficiaries also talked about how reduced prices of heart stent and knee transplants have changed their life.
In this Town Hall programme, I had the opportunity to talk with crores of students from India and abroad, and also with their parents and teachers; a possibility through the aegis of technology.
The weather has become pleasant in several parts of the country with abundant showers.
This traditional calendar depicts our bonding with natural and astronomical events.
“Saddened by the loss of lives in Bangladesh due to landslides.
I am grateful to Akbar Sahab.
Themes such as trade, investment, connectivity, youth and cultural exchanges came up for discussion.
He said that more than 65 AYUSH hospitals have been developed in the last three years.
Our mantra is Sabka Saath, Sabka Vikas.
Regional multi-lateralism through institutions such as AIIB can play a central role in helping to raise resources.
We are celebrating this Independence Day in a positive atmosphere amidst such positive chain of events.
The National War Memorial complex includes a central obelisk, an eternal flame, and six bronze murals depicting famous battles fought by Indian Army, Air Force and Navy.
This programme has already provided nearly ten million new connections in just seven months.
The same goes for improvements in cyclone early warning.
I am happy to note that India and Brazil have finalized the text of a bilateral investment agreement.
In the same vein, he said that Gurudev Rabindranath Tagore belongs to Bangladesh, as much as to India.
The Prime Minister has been in constant touch with the Chief Minister regarding the flood situation.
We salute the will and determination of all those individuals and organisations working towards protecting the environment.
On the contrary, if one cleans up dirt in the surroundings, he gets energized, and then does not resign himself to existing adverse circumstances.
“Greetings to all soldiers, veterans & their families on Army Day.
Their husbands laid down their lives in the service of mother India.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Prime Minister Antonio Costa today jointly visited the Champalimaud Foundation in Lisbon.
Speaking on this occasion, the Prime Minister congratulated the gathering on the celebration of Dhanvantari Jayanti as Ayurveda Divas.
“We salute the valour of those who were martyred during the dastardly attack on our Parliament on this day in 2001.
He said that Shri Inamdar had imbibed this principle, and his life is a source of inspiration.
Diversity calls for celebration; and not confrontation.
Kochi Metro Rail Limited is a fifty – fifty Joint Venture of Government of India and Government of Kerala.
The Prime Minister said that the Constitution has been a guardian for us.
Space technology will touch the lives of our people in the region.
At this moment, there are expectations and the feelings of a strong response which is quite natural.
India has always been an inspiration for others in terms of intellectual capability and enterprise.
The patience, discipline, and resolve displayed by 125 crore Indians, will play a critical role in shaping the future of the nation for years to come.
Plastic now threatens to become a menace to humanity.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has paid homage to Bhagwan Birsa Munda, on his birth anniversary.
He said that through the Pradhan Mantri Fasal Bima Yojana, premiums have been lowered, capping on insurance removed, and claims amounts disbursed to farmers have gone up.
After Indonesia Open and Australia Open, this win has completed the triad of the super series premiere title.
He said this target was recently accomplished in about 17,000 villages.
The movement targeted the young generation, in particular.
He said that even in agriculture, there is need to develop a new “culture” through infusion of technology, to benefit farmers.
Each one should nurture dreams for the next Olympics.
Lokmanya Tilak was full of courage and self-confidence.
We have also decided to start an annual exchange of bilateral visits by 100 young people from science-related educational streams.
As part of this network, different universities could specialize in multi-disciplinary research on disaster issues most relevant to them.
It is due to greats like her that India won freedom.
For us in Government, this is a blessing.
UAE can benefit by linking with our growth in manufacturing and services.
During the interaction, Prime Minister urged the awardees to mobilize the community and to make them an integral part of school development.
His futuristic policies across various sectors touched the lives of each and every citizen of India.
Government has also asked banks to raise the credit limit for small industry from 20 per cent of turnover to 25 per cent.
The Prime Minister said that emphasis is being given to enhance both infrastructural and emotional connectivity in the entire North Eastern region, at a rapid rate.
Sister Nivedita and Scientist Jagdish Chandra Basu are a powerful testimony to this.
33 cities of Tamil Nadu have been included in the Amrit Mission.
In India, if we compare the impact of cyclone events in 1999 and 2013, we can see the progress we have made.
1. Exchange & training of medical doctors, officials, other health professionals and experts;
He emphasized the importance of positive news for a vibrant and prosperous nation.
Today also, one Japanese township has been announced.
The Prime Minister expressed happiness that on this occasion, the devotional hymn Vaishnav Jan To, which was so dear to Bapu, had been rendered by artistes in about 150 countries across the world.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will inaugurate a stretch of the new Magenta line of the Delhi Metro on 25th December.
The Government and the people of Japan have always shown great affection towards me and my country.
In the education sector, we have taken an important step to grant the universities freedom from restrictions to make them the world class universities.
These seekers freedom must have gone through immense torture.
This in turn requires widening the ambit of legal education in India.
26. The Russian Side invited the Indian Side to invest in the Russian Far East.
I am sure you distinctly remember that for the last many months, a naval team comprising six women Commanders was on a voyage.
He will launch a portal for coordination and monitoring of development works at the district level.
My dear countrymen, Namaskar!
This policy seeks to transform cities, from being transit dependent to being transit oriented.
There must be innumerable incidents.
Today solar energy is gaining popularity in India.”
He said that people should take a lead in knowing about local history, and archaeology of their towns, cities and regions.
My first two programmes will be in Sabarmati Ashram.
In response to a question on climate change, the Prime Minister reiterated India’s timeless values of nurturing and protecting nature.
You will be delighted to know that this best policy making award is equivalent to an Oscar in the sector.
I have been saying that this twenty first (21st Century) is Asia’s Century.
Addressing the gathering, the Prime Minister described this conclave as a new beginning in the public sector sphere.
You are the Leader of a great nation.
Similarly, when you are sturdy as a nation, you can be at peace with others.
Under ‘Ayushman Bharat Yojana ‘, the Government of India and insurance companies will jointly provide 5 lakh repees for treatment to about 10 crore families or say 50 crore citizens per year.
He said the awards also indicate the priorities of the Government.
I look forward to many more shining successes.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has tweeted his prayers for all those people who are affected due to the adverse weather conditions caused by Cyclone Vardah.
All the best for today.
Her father is a labourer and mother a fish-seller.
The children can be made to take the stairs instead of taking the lift.
This is my first visit to Indonesia as Prime Minister.
I congratulate Ecological Protection Organization, their entire team and the people of Chandrapur.
The PM took a round through the memorial.
He interacted with the people, who have resolved to make the village open-defecation-free.
PM said his Government’s drive against black money was a bold and decisive step.
On reading further, I came to know how our youngsters put in efforts to transform the lives of the common man by making smart and creative use of technology.
It also provides for getting the name of the company struck off from the Registrar of Companies after setting balance liabilities of TSPL.
India has produced many great hockey players.
I am confident that the business partnerships that they forge will enhance the level and momentum of our commercial engagement.
The delegation expressed its strong support of the Prime Minister’s vision for making India a five trillion dollar economy in the near future.
It is in the interests of producersthat other economies keep growing steadily and rapidly.
The Prime Minister invited Kazakhstan to become a member of the International Solar Alliance.
We need to ensure that we build it to best available standards of disaster safety.
Grand parents, parents and children should together perform Yoga and also upload their photos.
The time has come for this to be seriously considered and debated.
He said PSUs have contributed significantly in nation-building, and in the nation’s economy, since independence.
Shri Narendra Modi said that connectivity is necessary for development today.
We are also partners in South Africa’s skill development efforts.
The world today, is also threatened by the twin challenges – terrorism, and climate change.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister described the programme as an illustration of Indian traditions.
Plastic pollution is now entering into our food chain.
He said the aim remains to double farmers’ incomes, and make the farmers’ lives easier.
President Ghani expressed his condolences to the families of the martyred soldiers.
I would like to see such a reading and library movement in the entire country.
Shri Narendra Modi said that keeping in mind the interests of the tribal population, the Forest Rights Act is being strictly implemented.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister expressed confidence that the Centre would play a key role in the dissemination of Dr. Ambedkar’s teachings and vision.
We can now see a positive momentum towards digital transactions in India.
He described GST is an example of Cooperative Federalism.
If we remain vigilant, we can now save our children from returning to those evil ways of violence and cruelty.
As there are no middlemen, the goods are available at very reasonable rates.
It is estimated that around 1 to 1.5 lakh knee operations happen in India every year.
Your Excellency, Prime Minister Mark Rutte,
Their contributions are deeply valued both in India and in UAE.
Our people to people ties and exchanges, as always, provide the bedrock of our ties of friendship.
He said the nation will never forget the sacrifices of the freedom fighters.
We have resolved bottlenecks and significantly improved the average rate of implementation in these sectors.
Government is also providing training, financial assistance and opportunities to promote Self Help Groups throughout the country.
Creating an enabling environment for business and attracting investments remains my top priority.
The country salutes the indomitable courage of Meenaji, wife of Martyr PrasannaSahu of Jagatsinghpur, Odisha.
Cooking gas price is also determined by the market.
This provided a chance to more and more of our countrymen to unfurl our national flag.
• The World is committedto the climate change agendabased on the COP-21agreement.
In the isolated regions of the Nilgiri plateau in South India, a small wanderer community Toda make their settlements using locally available material only.
India’s biggest tax reform, the GST has been introduced recently.
It is anchored in the belief that our people are pivotal partners in our effort to craft responsive, collective and inclusive solutions.
We know how to distribute the fruits of progress and prosperity to the common man.
Just two days back, I have written letters to all governments and all leaders of the world about the Yoga Day.
Indeed, my personal engagement with the leadership, Government, Industry and people of Japan is now almost a decade old.
It was distressing to see the suffering of the affected people.
The Prime Minister emphasized the importance of taking pride in our history, and in our rich archaeological heritage.
May the blessings of the mighty Himalayas be with you.
The Prime Minister also emphasized the importance of Farmer Producer Organizations.
Let us join hands even more closely and strongly.
Today I will also have an opportunity to meet people of Indian origin living in the Netherlands.
Prime Minister Modi said that Defence Cooperation is a key pillar of the relationship between India and Japan.
Our mutual cooperation and coordination on many forums like BRICS, G-20, Indian Ocean Rim Association, IBSA, is very strong.
He expressed happiness that States are now organising investor summits.
Made in India and Made by Japan combination has already started to work and converge wonderfully.
Over the last twenty years, more than eight hundred and fifty thousand people died from disasters in the Asia-Pacific.
Emphasizing the importance of protecting nature, the Prime Minister said “playing with the well-being of future generations would be an immoral and criminal act.”
It is realising it’s true potential and people’s aspirations are being fulfilled at a record pace.
Creating a Structured Mechanism for Communication, Mutual Sharing of Best Practices, Creating New Initiatives for Capacity Building and Starting Joint Campaigns, are such areas which can be pursued in mutual interest.
India and Russia regard the establishment of the multi-polar global order in international relations as a reflection of natural and inevitable process of evolution of interstate relations in the 21st century.
The Prime Minister emphasized that laws and Acts have to be followed up by action.
He remarked that he has himself visited the North East more than 25 times in the last 4 years.
With this new practice of people’s participation, our effort to take the country forward with people’s involvement will help us to reach our goal.
In this context, he mentioned the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code.
India is today the world’s fastest growing large economy.
I express my gratitude to the administration, government and especially the people of these five states, for achieving this objective.
We need to support such initiative and leadership through policies and practices.
My dear countrymen, we’ll celebrate Guru Nanak Jayanti on the 4th of November.
He added that for the Union Government, decisions are about national interest and not political gains.
As fellow democracies, India and the ROK have shared values and a shared vision for regional and global peace.
At the feet of the Statue of Unity, the Prime Minister performed a special prayer.
It has become the main growth engine of the world.
They underscored the importance of reform of multilateral financial and political institutions to make them representative and responsive to the needs of developing countries.
This is an example where the daughters are stitching ordinary to good quality clothes for themselves and other families.
Let us pledge to free India from poverty, dirt, corruption, terrorism, casteism, communalism & create a ‘New India’ of our dreams by 2022.
My dear countrymen, on 1st February 2017, Indian Coast Guard is completing 40 years.
Towards this end, the Government of India issued a National Transit Oriented Development Policy in April 2017.
This Monsoon session of Parliament will always be remembered as a session for social justice and youth welfare.
He said the Union Government is placing great emphasis on the development of waterways as well.
Mahatma Gandhi’s philosophy has inspired the whole world.
In fact, micro plastics have now even entered basic food like salt, bottled water and tap water.
Several Union Ministers and other dignitaries were present on the occasion.
